
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.603665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2603664815000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2603664815000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 536000                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   682052                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            23183028791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 404656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   112.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60197643                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76600583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    122683392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            704800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9050128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            132438832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       704800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3677504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        3016072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6693576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15335424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              17215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             141442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15494089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            754018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811479                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47119503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               270695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3475919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50866314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          270695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             270695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1412434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             1158395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2570829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1412434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47119503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              270695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4634314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53437143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15494089                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811479                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         213984                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    991621696                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  51934656                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              132438832                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6693576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      336                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4510                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                974844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                967900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                967764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                968566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                968387                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                967635                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                967737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                968249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                968097                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                967668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               967710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               968007                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               968101                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               967570                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               967431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               968087                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50308                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51002                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 50784                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 50710                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 50687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                50586                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2603660455000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6652                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15335424                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152013                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57461                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                 4510                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1115727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    960917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    976016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3645957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2755251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2758222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2725008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     64130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     62311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    112850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   163186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                   112416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    10526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    10327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    10120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   341507754589                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              436421735839                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  77468765000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17445216250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22041.64                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1125.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28167.59                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         380.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          19.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  50.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.57                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.39                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15418905                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    794060                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159679.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     14995667                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       7332                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11230865                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2203                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3487                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    184                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 15002999                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11233068                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          26226532                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      26236067                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     61491584                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4471                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2343                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 61496055                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          61491584                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      61496055                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5207329630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60197643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      76600583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              68868344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  10269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2139730                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7947806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     68868344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         10269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           394756284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           74176271                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 7493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27393912                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    15659685                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   11734227                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4579092870.576241                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               628236759.423759                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.120645                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.879355                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    83000                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 855486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.979431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 60635586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 855998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  70.836130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            18713179000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.979431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.998007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.998007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     60635586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        60635586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      60635586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         60635586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     60635586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        60635586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        855998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         855998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        855998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11569304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11569304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11569304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11569304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11569304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11569304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     61491584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61491584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     61491584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61491584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     61491584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61491584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13515.573635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13515.573635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13515.573635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13515.573635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13515.573635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13515.573635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       855998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       855998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       855998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9857308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9857308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9857308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9857308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9857308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9857308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    298856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    298856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    298856500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    298856500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11515.573635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11515.573635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11515.573635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11515.573635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11515.573635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11515.573635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 61906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             50893.814517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1682715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                127287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 13.219850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          2553152311000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 37867.919206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.885514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.001401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   6996.279505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   6025.728892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.577819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.106755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.091945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.776578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       843761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       370335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       596039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       596039                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       114427                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       114427                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       843761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       484762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1340772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       843761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       484762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1340772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         9858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        20465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       143041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        153648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       143041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       153648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    562062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    534519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1097047500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       460000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       460000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6075862000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6075862000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    562062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6610381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7172909500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    562062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6610381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7172909500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       854360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       380193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       596039                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       247610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       247610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       854360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       627803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1494420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       854360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       627803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1494420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.537874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53029.719785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54221.850274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53606.034693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data          160                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          160                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45620.402003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45620.402003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53029.719785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46213.190624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.040795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53029.719785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46213.190624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.040795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        57461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            57461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       153648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       153648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430665051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    411778800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    842811367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     28850324                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28850324                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4437954325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4437954325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430665051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4849733125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5280765692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430665051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4849733125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5280765692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    209122550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 166688445815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166897568365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   9173753597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9173753597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    209122550                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 175862199412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176071321962                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37918.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40632.611661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41771.028606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41183.062155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10034.895304                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10034.895304                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33322.228250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33322.228250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37918.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40632.611661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33904.496788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34369.244585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37918.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40632.611661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33904.496788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34369.244585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 627291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.912639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 23655046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 627803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  37.679090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              472186000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.912639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13195134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13195134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9973055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9973055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       236278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23168189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23168189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23168189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23168189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       368792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        368792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       250511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        11401                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11401                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       619303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         619303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       619303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        619303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5222508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5222508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8035214500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8035214500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    155940000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    155940000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13257722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13257722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13257722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13257722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13563926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13563926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     10223566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       247679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23787492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23787492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23787492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23787492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046031                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046031                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14161.120632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14161.120632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32075.296095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32075.296095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13677.747566                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13677.747566                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21407.489549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21407.489549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21407.489549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21407.489549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            596039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       368792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       368792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11401                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11401                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4484924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4484924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7534192500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7534192500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133138000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12019116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12019116500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12019116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12019116500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 182082004500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182082004500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  18708047000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18708047000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 200790051500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200790051500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046031                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046031                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12161.120632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12161.120632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30075.296095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30075.296095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11677.747566                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11677.747566                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19407.489549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19407.489549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19407.489549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19407.489549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1199398748332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1199398748332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1199398748332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1199398748332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
