
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    23428500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   23428500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  53742                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53738                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87205048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       14436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         14436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            917856457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            398830484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1316686941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       917856457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          917856457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           917856457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           398830484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1316686941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           482                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            482                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        30848                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  30848                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    70                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    36                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    24                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                     6                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     7                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    44                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     3                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    21                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    43                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   31                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   13                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   80                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   46                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   26                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        23376000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     482                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        2488982                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12396982                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      1928000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     7980000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5163.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    16556.02                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25719.88                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1316.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1316.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           8.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.53                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        393                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        48497.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            46858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                     6941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted               4630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect               1121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                  5115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                     2636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                      442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              12393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          32407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        6941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               3078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          9616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    3187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                   8221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           943                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      5564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              33142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.977823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.154937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    23526     70.99%     70.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4767     14.38%     85.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      497      1.50%     86.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      473      1.43%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      713      2.15%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      723      2.18%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      250      0.75%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      284      0.86%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     1909      5.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                33142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.148128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.691600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    13096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  9104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      8780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1965                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  30240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1965                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    13789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                     355                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           8257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      8329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  27456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                   134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               24477                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 50943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            50943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 13819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    10658                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                696                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            697                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 3653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 4                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      23144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     21674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            8424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         6018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            185                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         33142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.653974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.274325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               23639     71.33%     71.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                3658     11.04%     82.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                2441      7.37%     89.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1702      5.14%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 894      2.70%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 488      1.47%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 244      0.74%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  60      0.18%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  16      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           33142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      49     28.16%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     28.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     26     14.94%     43.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    99     56.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 16000     73.82%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     73.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 3426     15.81%     89.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                2248     10.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  21674                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.462546                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         174                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008028                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              76777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             32254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  21848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               26                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           27                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1965                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                     238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    11                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               24981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  3653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             27                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 20477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  3262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                          1177                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         5386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     4289                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       2124                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.437001                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          20145                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         19887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                      9217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     11299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.424410                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.815736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts            9729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.173479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        23830     76.39%     76.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4047     12.97%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1444      4.63%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          788      2.53%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          343      1.10%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          244      0.78%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          322      1.03%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           69      0.22%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          107      0.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           3673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          2225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3358                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     12174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        55155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       51753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           13716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         14436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                 14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.245913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.245913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.308080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.308080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    32584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   18115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                194.443697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     5086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  15.047337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     194.443697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.094943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.094943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45822.175732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45822.175732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45822.175732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45822.175732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45822.175732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45822.175732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48906.804734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48906.804734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48906.804734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48906.804734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48906.804734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48906.804734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                100.624732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     4052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  27.944828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     100.624732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.024567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.024567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            4046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6836500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6836500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     19507474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19507474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     26343974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     26343974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     26343974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     26343974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.117365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52996.124031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52996.124031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47695.535452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47695.535452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48966.494424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48966.494424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48966.494424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48966.494424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.724138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3776500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8273500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8273500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8273500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8273500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.031850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59944.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59944.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54180.722892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54180.722892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56667.808219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56667.808219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56667.808219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56667.808219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               229.081422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.005013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    193.844447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     35.236975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.006991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4413000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4413000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      8168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     24340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      8168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     24340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           63                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48130.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59603.174603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49942.355890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53168.674699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53168.674699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48130.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55945.205479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50497.925311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48130.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55945.205479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50497.925311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11943516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2975060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14918576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3394062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3394062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11943516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6369122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18312638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11943516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6369122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18312638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35546.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47223.174603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37389.914787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40892.313253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40892.313253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35546.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43624.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37993.024896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35546.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43624.123288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37993.024896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
