
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1563603                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 288804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    35.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            53658174093                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    56180319                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.927952                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1927951878000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       200373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200373                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14335.708080                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11335.708080                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0        183108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency    247506000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.086164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0        17265                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17265                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency    195711000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.086164                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses        17265                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0         8883579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8883579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 25418.459915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22418.417380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0             7813872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7813872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    27190304500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.120414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0           1069707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  23981138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.120414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1069707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    862763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       199352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::0 56004.626718                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 53004.626718                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         177090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       177090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency   1246775000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::0     0.111672                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::0        22262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency   1179989000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.111672                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses        22262                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        6156793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6156793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0 55757.232436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52757.232436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            5786171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5786171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   20664857000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.060197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           370622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       370622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  19552991000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.060197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         370622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1200971000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  10.097149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         15040372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15040372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 33225.160016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 30225.128426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             13600043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13600043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     47855161500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.095764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0            1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  43534129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.095764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.984152                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        15040372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15040372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 33225.160016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 30225.128426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            13600043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13600043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    47855161500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.095764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0           1440329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1440329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  43534129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.095764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         1440329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   2063734000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1390845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1391357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.984152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14048739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               84029000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   452168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15421062                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11466                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9064565                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10324                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6356497                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        56192153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56192153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14699.293599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.559265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            55261378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55261378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency    13681735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.016564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            930775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        930775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  10888726500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          930775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  59.381568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         56192153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56192153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 14699.293599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.559265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             55261378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55261378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency     13681735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.016564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             930775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         930775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  10888726500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           930775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.993310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            508.574724                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        56192153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56192153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 14699.293599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11698.559265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            55261378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55261378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency    13681735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.016564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            930775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        930775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  10888726500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.016564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          930775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 930104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 930615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                508.574724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 55261378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            38310365000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.930310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4982567                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4977557                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5010                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.16%      2.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                176202     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6843      3.54%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5167      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 193169                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     212271                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6373                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74979     40.87%     40.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1942      1.06%     42.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106391     58.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183443                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73612     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1942      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73612     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149297                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1865248449500     96.75%     96.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                84324500      0.00%     96.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               564095000      0.03%     96.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             62054251000      3.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1927951120000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981768                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.691901                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1914                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1744                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5914                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1744                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323639                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      1.404746                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        47869140000      2.48%      2.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5515150000      0.29%      2.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1874566828000     97.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.069690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3855903756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                         56180319                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          15669216                       # Number of memory references
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::1                173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1 115254.323699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 63254.323699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency          19938998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::1                  173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     10942998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses                173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::1             41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1 137846.765643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85843.300347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency       5727808806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::1                1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::1               41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   3566960816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  6165.192131                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                10472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      64561892                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1               41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1 137753.092966                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85749.642037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency         5747747804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                 41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    3577903814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0           inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses               41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.occ_%::1                      0.084569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_blocks::1                 1.353112                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1              41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1 137753.092966                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 85749.642037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency        5747747804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   3577903814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses              41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.353112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1760339542000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                       41512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               304386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           304386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0 52003.580327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40003.580327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                     2179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                 2179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency         15715846000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.992841                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 302207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             302207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency    12089362000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       0.992841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses               302207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                2017728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2017728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   52016.477812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1            inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40016.459857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    1711407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1711407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency           15933739500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.151815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                   306321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               306321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      12257882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.151815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1              inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                 306321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    772673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::0             22262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         22262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 52004.626718                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40004.626718                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency       1157727000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::0               22262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           22262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency    890583000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses             22262                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0               66236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           66236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 52000.030195                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40007.095839                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency         3444274000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                 66236                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             66236                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency    2649910000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0             1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1           inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses               66236                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1085051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               452168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           452168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   452168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               452168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          4.517115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 2322114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2322114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    52010.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1             inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  40010.063629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     1713586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                           0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1713586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency            31649585500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.262058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    608528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                608528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency       24347244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          0.262058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1               inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total           inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  608528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.156745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.334961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                 10272.459916                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 21951.974033                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                2322114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                      0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2322114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   52010.072667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40010.063629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    1713586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                          0                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1713586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency           31649585500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.262058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   608528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                        0                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               608528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency      24347244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.262058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1              inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 608528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1857724000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                        393234                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        424575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     32224.433949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1917854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6967096000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                          118566                       # number of writebacks
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc      no_value                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle      no_value                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk        no_value                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn       no_value                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi         no_value                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal       no_value                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc      no_value                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle      no_value                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk        no_value                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
