
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                   8293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 179892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                2595779                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        5642                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000002                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     1767066                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses                979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3990.760870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2990.760870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits                    887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency         367150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.093973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                   92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       275150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.093973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses              92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses               812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  3977.109589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2977.109589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits                   739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency        290329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.089901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                  73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency       217329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.089901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   9.854545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses                1791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3984.721212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2984.721212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                    1626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency          657479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.092127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                   165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       492479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.092127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses              165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses               1791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3984.721212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2984.721212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits                   1626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency         657479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.092127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                  165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       492479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.092127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses             165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 97.858233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses               5643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3980.490975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2980.490975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits                   5366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency        1102596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.049087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       825596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.049087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  19.371841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses                5643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3980.490975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2980.490975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                    5366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency         1102596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.049087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       825596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.049087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses               5643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3980.490975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2980.490975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits                   5366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency        1102596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.049087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       825596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.049087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                122.802112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     5366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses               442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2984.340136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1983.340136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                     1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency       1316094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.997738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                 441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       874653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.997738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.002268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses                442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2984.340136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1983.340136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                      1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency        1316094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.997738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                  441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       874653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.997738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses             441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses               442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2984.340136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1983.340136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                     1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency       1316094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.997738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                 441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       874653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.997738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses            441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               220.802916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          1767066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                             5642                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                              1792                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              17                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
