
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 480067                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 157016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   283.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              698858124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   136246936                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.198342                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                198341876000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           37231301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 13005.210051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12005.210051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               37185812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency      591594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                45489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    546105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           45489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses              15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        12800                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11800                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                  15901                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency         192000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.000942                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                   15                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       177000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses              15                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 13928.024036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12928.024036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              20759130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    1464866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.005041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              105174                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   1359692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         105174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 384.666925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            58095605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 13649.402972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12649.402972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                57944942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency      2056460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.002593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                150663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1905797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           150663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           58095605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 13649.402972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12649.402972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               57944942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency     2056460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.002593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               150663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1905797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          150663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 146582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 150678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4089.719370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 57960843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              500116000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   107279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          136246937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 12107.905937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11107.905937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              136059913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency     2264469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.001373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses               187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   2077445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 727.499749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           136246937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 12107.905937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11107.905937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               136059913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency      2264469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.001373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2077445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          136246937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 12107.905937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11107.905937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              136059913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency     2264469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.001373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses               187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2077445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 184976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 187024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               2007.901723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                136059913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           141263674000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            337636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 12999.502521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10999.502521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                202957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1750760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.398888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              134679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1481402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.398888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         134679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          107279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              106771                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate       0.004735                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_misses               508                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses          508                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.299750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             337636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 12999.502521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10999.502521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 202957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     1750760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.398888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               134679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1481402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.398888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          134679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            444915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 12950.653539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10999.502521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                309728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    1750760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.303849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              135187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1481402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.302707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         134679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                101911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                134679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             32127.015431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  309728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle           41711518000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   82918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                     198341876000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        136246936                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          58111522                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls            1946                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
