
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                1500524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   568.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                  55893                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.000032                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    31772571                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99945                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53478                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53531                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99361                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53707                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99846                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53546                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99583                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53626                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99623                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53679                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99912                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53508                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99813                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53717                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
