
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.103053                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1103052934500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1103052934500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  84555                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1514437253                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 415912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   728.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61586372                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      79276491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     48758784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           409536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4368116                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           405952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5246000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             59190564                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       409536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       405952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          815488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4268032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7295376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6094848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             81995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6257943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        44203485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              371275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3960024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          1102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              368026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4755891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53660674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         371275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         368026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             739301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3869290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              15412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2729102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6613804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3869290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       44203485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             371275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3975436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         1102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             368026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7484993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               60274478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6257943                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823524                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         281760                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    400508352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52705536                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               59190564                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7295376                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       71                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              12603                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                391392                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                391208                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                390903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                391629                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                391534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                390909                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                390959                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                391652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                391399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                390708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               390860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               391237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               391228                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               390522                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               390463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               391269                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 51397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 51232                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 51042                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51695                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51560                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50999                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51676                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 52039                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51354                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51498                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51880                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51836                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51165                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51895                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                     2168609                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1103051731500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     105                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6094848                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  162990                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                2925445                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66688                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                12603                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    494466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    430633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    391954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1441360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1085395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1097883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1063934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     26865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     44608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    63920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    44461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    12221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    11894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    16880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     6309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    32178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    31963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    31877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   198980528034                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              238811291784                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  31289360000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8541403750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       31796.84                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1364.91                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  38161.74                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         363.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          47.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  53.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.61                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.22                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.13                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6214096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    800077                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       155765.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         72694                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53751.744794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1868125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        137855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.551376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        39374.569084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       4.396186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4014.541431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2824.438134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      12.707800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3714.133429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          3806.957928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.600808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.061257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.043098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.056673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.058090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.820187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        30721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             386372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        49432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             590682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             197805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1431192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          580622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               580622                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1197                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             732                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1929                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               106873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         30721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              386372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         49432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              590682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1538065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        30721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             386372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        49432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             590682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1538065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3778                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8895                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          410                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1055                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    346153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    371240998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    389251500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1482198498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8863481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11767500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     20630981                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       635500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2866500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3502000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3126825491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4141243497                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7268068988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    346153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3498066489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4530494997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8750267486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    346153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3498066489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    373262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4530494997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8750267486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        30734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         392651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         596989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         204084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1456496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       580622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           580622                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4510                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10824                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          838                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          554                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111665                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        30734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          392651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          596989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          339537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1703614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        30734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         392651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        49451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         596989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         339537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1703614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.037067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.837694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.821785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769690                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.740072                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.757902                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566946                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.245071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.245087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.097175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.245071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.245087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.097175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66615.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55128.682911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57961.123810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68789.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59182.178532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61992.594362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58575.659896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1732.163572                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3114.743250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2319.390781                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   985.271318                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6991.463415                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3319.431280                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49390.685079                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53826.422878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51824.086335                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66615.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55128.682911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50178.108660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68789.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59182.178532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54442.595138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52856.057639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66615.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        59000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55128.682911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50178.108660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 68789.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59182.178532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54442.595138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52856.057639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66688                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66688                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3778                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8895                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          410                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    267795677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    290384918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1068788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294482820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    309773212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1164302443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51487468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38421208                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89908676                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6482629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4115405                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10598034                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2342205029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3178812212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5521017241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    267795677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2632589947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1068788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294482820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3488585424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6685319684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        93252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    267795677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2632589947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1068788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    294482820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3488585424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6685319684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5299167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12408113059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2070313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154667167003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167082649542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1050139238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25325633830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26375773068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5299167                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13458252297                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2070313                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 179992800833                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193458422610                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.810421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.837694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821785                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769690                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.740072                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757902                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.097132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.245016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54136.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42683.404048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45607.808701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46743.304762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49524.094644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46147.540349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10062.041821                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10169.721546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.776953                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10050.587597                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10037.573171                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10045.529858                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36996.983462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41317.080364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39366.945281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54136.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42683.404048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37783.852845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46743.304762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41934.145399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40400.783708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54136.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        46626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42683.404048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37783.852845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46743.304762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41934.145399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40400.783708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6009414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4584575                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           296794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3746905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2916795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            77.845448                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 672462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28490                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8911826                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     33481                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5139826                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6231                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    2125                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      943                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   378                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      509                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8945307                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5146057                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14051652                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          39712                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14091364                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4224274                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5167                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1374                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1487                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4229441                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4224274                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5167                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4229441                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        67942321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11770700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      32037426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6009414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3589257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7522750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1459790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     61665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20761422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52782                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        85653                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          212                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4222584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               157713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2319                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          41308500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.002087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.382378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                33793144     81.81%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  566641      1.37%     83.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  818694      1.98%     85.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  676082      1.64%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  774764      1.88%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  559890      1.36%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  668973      1.62%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  352395      0.85%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3097917      7.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            41308500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.088449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.471539                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12285141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20700852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6822655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               515208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                984644                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              935535                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              40031733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               213257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                984644                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12853776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5827758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      12754498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6718585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2169239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38928303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                438319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1238743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              23                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39288298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            175811025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       175776420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34605                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30930446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8357851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            411337                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        370395                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5357325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7655234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5687790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1133384                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1222152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36851355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             895739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37254250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            80693                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6299190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13209610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        256967                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     41308500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.901854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.509387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26145285     63.29%     63.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5753076     13.93%     77.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3163283      7.66%     84.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2484845      6.02%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2098538      5.08%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             943313      2.28%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             484190      1.17%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             183544      0.44%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52426      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       41308500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25686      2.41%      2.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   454      0.04%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                841970     78.85%     81.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               199670     18.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52214      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22338200     59.96%     60.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46968      0.13%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 17      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             14      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           700      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           14      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9368796     25.15%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5447325     14.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37254250                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.548322                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1067780                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         116996499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         44054105                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34350443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8454                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4728                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3907                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38265398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4418                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307211                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1378796                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2415                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13078                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       537331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2192757                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5650                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                984644                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4190634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               100027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37865226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            85653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7655234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5687790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            571722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 40568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13078                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        150532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              269075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36877414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9226875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           376836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14626534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4859341                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5399659                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.542775                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36683533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34354350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18308250                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35218685                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.505640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.519845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6121232                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         638772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           232995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     40323856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.775878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.738297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28652168     71.06%     71.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5718960     14.18%     85.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1913940      4.75%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       975658      2.42%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       781823      1.94%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       527081      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       383426      0.95%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       217091      0.54%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1153709      2.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     40323856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23679897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31286376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11426897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6276438                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     229667                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4245099                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27642973                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1153709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    75726635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   75801988                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         359866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26633821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2138121828                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23599155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31205634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             23599155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.879015                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.879015                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.347341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.347341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               171917289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34107060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3422                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     966                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13053108                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                451057                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                392744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.016860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 3798516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                393256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  9.659143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6563458000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.016860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3798516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3798516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3798516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3798516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3798516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3798516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       423935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       423935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       423935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        423935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       423935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       423935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5803194996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5803194996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5803194996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5803194996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5803194996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5803194996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4222451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4222451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4222451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4222451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4222451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4222451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13688.879182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.879182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13688.879182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.879182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13688.879182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.879182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.932515                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4745687496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4745687496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4745687496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4745687496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4745687496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4745687496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7900500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7900500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.096805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.096805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.096805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.096805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12067.096805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12067.096805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                275861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               459.614904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9266976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                276373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.530685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              43517000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   459.614904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.897685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.897685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5785932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5785932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3160921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3160921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139137                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8946853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8946853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8946853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8946853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       390976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       390976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1582272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1582272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8775                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8775                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1973248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1973248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1973248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1973248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5434487500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5434487500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60315071371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60315071371                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88202500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88202500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46670000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     46670000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65749558871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  65749558871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  65749558871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  65749558871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6176908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6176908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4743193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4743193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       147912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10920101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10920101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10920101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10920101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.333588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051780                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13899.798197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13899.798197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38119.281243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38119.281243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10051.566952                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10051.566952                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6235.970069                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6235.970069                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33320.474097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33320.474097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33320.474097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33320.474097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8364                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         5666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.104553                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    69.950617                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1451928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1451928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1654636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1654636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1654636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1654636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7483                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7483                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       318612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       318612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       318612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       318612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2372133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2372133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4018964492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4018964492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31704000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31704000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6391097992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6391097992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6391097992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6391097992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13514906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13514906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1180228378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1180228378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14695134878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14695134878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027480                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027480                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056277                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056277                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051773                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051773                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12599.770009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12599.770009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30833.521236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30833.521236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7997.176838                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7997.176838                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4236.803421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4236.803421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20059.187953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20059.187953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20059.187953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20059.187953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                9060826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          7443379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           410189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6060421                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                5228505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            86.272967                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 772521                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             43024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42893856                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     41286                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6825448                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    11345                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2300                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2725                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   348                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      636                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                42935142                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6836793                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49719304                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          52631                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     49771935                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8340296                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5581                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1543                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1561                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8345877                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8340296                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5581                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8345877                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       408908787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          19741855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      65652351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    9060826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           6001026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     14075401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3918937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     65639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              77552970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46851                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       129796                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           89                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  8338330                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               726090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3044                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         114288783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.696009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.038635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               100220679     87.69%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  798295      0.70%     88.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  938778      0.82%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1873808      1.64%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1510998      1.32%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  574008      0.50%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 2116066      1.85%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  410869      0.36%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5845282      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           114288783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.022159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.160555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                21260604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             77197159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 12728983                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               527252                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2574785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1107873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                98231                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              74815491                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               327601                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2574785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                22637961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               32138028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      40746993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11784015                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4407001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              69468156                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                19628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                681075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3151682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32928                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           73408550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            319754725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       319695969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            58756                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             49044244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                24364306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            444465                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        387610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  7946566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            13166209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8131289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1039797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1544280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  63306558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1157694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 89041269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            96485                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       16034557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45010776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        277192                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    114288783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.779090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.516652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           83847546     73.36%     73.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8475969      7.42%     80.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4322490      3.78%     84.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3758453      3.29%     87.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10560015      9.24%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1959947      1.71%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1018953      0.89%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             271832      0.24%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              73578      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      114288783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  29343      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   994      0.01%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7546096     95.87%     96.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               294849      3.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           313932      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37546524     42.17%     42.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59182      0.07%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              7      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1504      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43946850     49.36%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7173254      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              89041269                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.217753                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7871282                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.088400                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         300376626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         80507257                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53605393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              14907                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8010                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6781                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              96590759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7860                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          340884                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3415033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3561                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17027                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1294633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31913246                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       874031                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2574785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               24237525                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               363690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           64568060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           112440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             13166209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8131289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            869125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 67667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3747                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17027                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        202949                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       155576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              358525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             86656974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43263445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2384295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       103808                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50374669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6998395                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7111224                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.211923                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      85695257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     53612174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 29896757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 53335024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.131110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       15938596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         880502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           313478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    111713998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     94998150     85.04%     85.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8214546      7.35%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2111823      1.89%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1251354      1.12%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1240107      1.11%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       568335      0.51%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       995989      0.89%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       499347      0.45%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1834347      1.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    111713998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38056856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              48140496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16587832                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9751176                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     190071                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5966416                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 42676497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              534458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1834347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   172914942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  130824932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1407670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      294620004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  1796556351                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   37987217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     48070857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             37987217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.764379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.764379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.092899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.092899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               387772369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               56145305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     4887                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2320                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               18518507                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                405334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                597077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               480.917703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 7696282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                597589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 12.878888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           74223543500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   480.917703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.939292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.939292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7696282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7696282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7696282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7696282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7696282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7696282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       641998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       641998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       641998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        641998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       641998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       641998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8633779496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8633779496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8633779496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8633779496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8633779496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8633779496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8338280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8338280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8338280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      8338280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8338280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      8338280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13448.296562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13448.296562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13448.296562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13448.296562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13448.296562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13448.296562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.203488                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        44386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        44386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        44386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       597612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       597612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       597612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       597612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7074093496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074093496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7074093496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074093496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7074093496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074093496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3068500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3068500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11837.268154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11837.268154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11837.268154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11837.268154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11837.268154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11837.268154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                360159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               474.597840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                12677942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                360527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 35.165028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           70354983000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   474.597840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.926949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.926949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8310534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8310534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4138624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4138624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        97469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        94858                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94858                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12449158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12449158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12449158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12449158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       397542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1554744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1554744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13907                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13907                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10598                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10598                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1952286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1952286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1952286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1952286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6044984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6044984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  61833185511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61833185511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129279000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129279000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53828000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     53828000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67878169511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  67878169511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67878169511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  67878169511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8708076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8708076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5693368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5693368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111376                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111376                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       105456                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105456                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14401444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14401444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14401444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14401444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.124865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15205.900257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15205.900257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39770.653890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39770.653890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9295.966060                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9295.966060                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5079.071523                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5079.071523                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34768.558250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34768.558250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34768.558250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34768.558250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26588                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        13412                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            162                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.160835                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    82.790123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       324224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           324224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       169594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1393339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1393339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1562933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1562933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1562933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1562933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       227948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       161405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       161405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12460                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12460                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10596                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10596                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       389353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       389353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2844990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5144127207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5144127207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88536000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88536000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32636000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32636000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7989117207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7989117207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7989117207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7989117207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168989822500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168989822500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  35094178017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  35094178017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 204084000517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 204084000517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.111873                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111873                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100478                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100478                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12480.872831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12480.872831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31870.928453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31870.928453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7105.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7105.617978                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3080.030200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3080.030200                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20518.956338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20518.956338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20518.956338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20518.956338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 539953604456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 539953604456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 539953604456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 539953604456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   41721                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   48838                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
