
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 978936                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 377208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2185988851                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    51229325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.114397                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                114396880000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       100300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       100300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14571.455939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11571.455939                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0         95080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        95080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency     76063000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.052044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0         5220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency     60403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.052044                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses         5220                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0         7828326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7828326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 15676.806243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12676.464295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0             7589986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7589986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     3736410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.030446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0            238340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        238340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   3021308500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.030446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          238340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  38191118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       100299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       100299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         100299                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       100299                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        6674054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6674054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0 40732.768985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37732.519239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            6501879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6501879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    7013164500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.025798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           172175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       172175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   6496596500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.025798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         172175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    927308500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  34.522937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         14502380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14502380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 26185.582744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23185.279466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             14091865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         14091865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     10749574500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.028307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0             410515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         410515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   9517905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.028307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           410515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.994514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            509.191175                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        14502380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14502380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 26185.582744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23185.279466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            14091865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        14091865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    10749574500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.028307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0            410515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        410515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   9517905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.028307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          410515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency  39118426500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 413389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 413901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                509.191175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14289078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              658097000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   381928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      15530893                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     2229                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      40                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               33670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          15525358                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            5535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       255                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    763                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  8743955                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      8739401                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       4554                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6786938                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6785957                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       981                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        41554370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41554370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.166028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11789.867728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            41120341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        41120341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency     6419795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.010445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            434029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        434029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   5117144500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          434029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    349111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  94.740999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         41554370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     41554370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.166028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11789.867728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             41120341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         41120341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency      6419795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.010445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             434029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         434029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   5117144500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           434029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.945960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            484.331512                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        41554370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     41554370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.166028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11789.867728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            41120341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        41120341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency     6419795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.010445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            434029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        434029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   5117144500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          434029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    349111000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 433517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 434029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                484.331512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 41120341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            14252346000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                    33990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      41557189                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     1478                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      40                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               33670                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.hits                          41554370                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 41557189                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     41554370                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       2819                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.misses                            2819                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        228793760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  228793760                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7027251                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6058                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6058                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 4226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1834                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1109649                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                         51229325                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              42499970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     42499970                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           139350355                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           34546681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9205633                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      16289741                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7084108                       # Number of store instructions
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                      no_value                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                           0                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               170341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           170341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                    62528                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                62528                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency          5606276000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.632925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 107813                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             107813                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     4312520000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       0.632925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses               107813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                 675455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                   5724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             681179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   52080.460087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1   33716517.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33768598.317230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                     657328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                       5696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 663024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency             944062500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.026837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.004892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.031728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                    18127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                       28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                18155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency        726200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.026878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         3.171733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     3.198611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                  18155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  29199871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                1834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0   486.784141                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                      18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency             884000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.990185                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                  1816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency      72640000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      0.990185                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1           inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                1816                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    740804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               415918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           415918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   415918                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               415918                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          7.061430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                  845796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                    5724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              851520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    52011.580912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1    233940660.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233992672.295197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency         40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                      719856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                        5696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  725552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency             6550338500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.148901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.004892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.153793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    125940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                125968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency        5038720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          0.148934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1         22.006988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     22.155922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  125968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.081501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.478004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                  5341.251518                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 31326.461137                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                 845796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                   5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             851520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   52011.580912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1   233940660.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233992672.295197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                     719856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                       5696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 725552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency            6550338500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.148901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.004892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.153793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   125940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               125968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency       5038720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.148934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1        22.006988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total    22.155922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 125968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency  29940675000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                         93229                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        124678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     36667.712655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                          880405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                           87341                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
