
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.061268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61267871000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                61267871000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 120787                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   212686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46841085                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 363680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1307.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988547                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             68800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1893248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1962048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        68800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        20608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             20608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1122938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             30901155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                32024093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1122938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1122938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            336359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 336359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            336359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1122938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            30901155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               32360452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         30662                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          322                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          30989                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1962048                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     20608                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1962048                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  20608                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       28                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  5                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1936                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1969                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  2038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2024                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1986                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1862                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1926                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1830                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1923                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                    12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    8                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   55                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     61267857000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   30662                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    322                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    5                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       14166089                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 582752089                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    122532000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   446054000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         462.43                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14560.75                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      3999.87                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  19023.05                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          32.02                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  32.02                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.34                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      29782                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       175                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1977403.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        122535743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                 35570832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted           35570832                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            1084026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              25425275                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 25293552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27817646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      193664357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    35570832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           25293552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      58615511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 7353362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               29831602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           154                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  27179590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                325172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          122507486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.779073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.404197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 66630267     54.39%     54.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2068884      1.69%     56.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  2984971      2.44%     58.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  3999258      3.26%     61.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7980935      6.51%     68.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5030075      4.11%     72.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  2863623      2.34%     74.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1430988      1.17%     75.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 29518485     24.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            122507486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.290289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.580472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 38875412                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              22176556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  48070998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               7141971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                6242549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              336118074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                6242549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 43268905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2886935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           6989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  50676752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              19425356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              332235244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    62                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                   9392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              17753597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents              139                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           334580463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             881428154                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        881426042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              2112                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             279212744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 55367719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            482                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  44129062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            104954101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            36485312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          41562946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          5830806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  323945312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 307769548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            217281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        45552285                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     66549913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     122507486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.512251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.799024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            21268867     17.36%     17.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            16938160     13.83%     31.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            24590210     20.07%     51.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            23966706     19.56%     70.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            19077143     15.57%     86.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             9190745      7.50%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             4997191      4.08%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2322305      1.90%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              156159      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       122507486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   51278      1.98%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      1.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1865528     72.01%     73.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                673849     26.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             33341      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             174913911     56.83%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  42      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             98825778     32.11%     88.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            33996476     11.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              307769548                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.511672                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2590655                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008418                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          740853926                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         369529188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    304569650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 592                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               1017                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          187                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              310326577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     285                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         52294659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     14174717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        50650                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5045561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3163                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                6242549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  128946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  5786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           323947085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            341652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             104954101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             36485312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                475                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          31690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         595739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              1178842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             305571382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              98206856                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           2198166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    131649773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 31223750                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   33442917                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.493733                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      304986534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     304569837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 226002140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 312068538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.485559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.724207                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        45756293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             446                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           1084042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    116264937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.392746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.783730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     38380575     33.01%     33.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22255868     19.14%     52.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     17068651     14.68%     66.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13099730     11.27%     78.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2025175      1.74%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3235783      2.78%     82.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1359435      1.17%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       653883      0.56%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     18185837     15.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    116264937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            157988547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              278192462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      122219135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      90779384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   29309705                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         40                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 278186170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              18185837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    422027855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   654145762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           28257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192462                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.775599                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.775599                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.289326                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.289326                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                598644238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               305189502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       171                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                       94                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               195525442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                849.665087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 27178218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               25095.307479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     849.665087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.414876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.414876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     27178218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        27178218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      27178218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         27178218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     27178218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        27178218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45099500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45099500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45099500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45099500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     27179590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27179590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     27179590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     27179590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     27179590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     27179590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32871.355685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32871.355685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32871.355685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32871.355685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32871.355685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32871.355685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33191.919192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.919192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33191.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33191.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33191.919192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2071993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4071.813370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 74974075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2076089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  36.113131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            21436010000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4071.813370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.994095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.994095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     43616503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43616503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31357567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31357567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      74974070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         74974070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     74974070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        74974070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2256459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2256459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        82184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        82184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2338643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2338643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2338643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2338643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9093612500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9093612500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    977800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    977800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  10071412500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10071412500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10071412500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10071412500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     45872962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45872962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     77312713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     77312713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     77312713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     77312713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.030249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  4030.036664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4030.036664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 11897.692982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11897.692982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  4306.519849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  4306.519849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  4306.519849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  4306.519849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2064741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2064741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       262443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       262443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       262545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       262545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       262545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       262545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1994016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1994016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2076098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2076098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4062202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4062202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    812900500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812900500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4875103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4875103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4875103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.043468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  2037.196542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2037.196542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  9903.517214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9903.517214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  2348.204661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2348.204661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  2348.204661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2348.204661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  1477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             19662.234768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 4026933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 30639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                131.431607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 19155.060613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    278.346040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    228.828114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.584566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.008494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.600044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1993342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1993350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2064741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2064741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        53165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        53165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2046507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2046515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2046507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2046515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        28993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        28993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35032500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     20747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    676068000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    676068000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35032500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    696815500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    731848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35032500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    696815500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    731848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1993935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1995019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2064741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2064741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        82158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        82158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2076093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2077177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2076093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2077177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.352893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32558.085502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34987.352445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33421.210306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23318.318215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23318.318215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32558.085502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23552.203745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23868.240819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32558.085502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23552.203745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23868.240819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        28993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31175128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     18631896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49807024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data         5005                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         5005                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    566101870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566101870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31175128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    584733766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    615908894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     31175128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    584733766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    615908894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.352893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28973.167286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31419.723440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29842.434991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data         1001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         1001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19525.467182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19525.467182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28973.167286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19763.866897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20087.042398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28973.167286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19763.866897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20087.042398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
