
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.194897                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1194896580500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1194896580500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311660                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   397163                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6068013925                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 403588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   196.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61371297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78208202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           463972                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          6626100                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           255836                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2904240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62155108                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       463972                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       255836                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          719808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4136192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       3027304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7163536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            103605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             45405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6654628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           756826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43438497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              388295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             5545333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              214107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2430537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52017144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         388295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         214107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             602402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3461548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            2533528                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                 33                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                5995110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3461548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43438497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             388295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            8078862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             214107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2430570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58012254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6654628                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       821464                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         235013                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    425896192                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52573696                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               62155108                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7163536                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      139                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              10646                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                415731                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                415559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                414958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                415336                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                422399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                415419                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                415520                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                415298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                415351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                415631                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               415270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               414902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               415547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               416079                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               415762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               415727                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50036                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 49924                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 51324                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51581                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51435                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51646                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51464                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51592                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51872                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51694                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1194892168500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6825                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159739                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64628                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    581008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    419779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    439715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1589810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1189300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1185139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1157962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     13029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     10446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     15424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    15138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     4570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     4445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     4292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     4046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        34609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    13824.665723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     735.190153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   27804.066503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-127          7914     22.87%     22.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4043     11.68%     34.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-255         2692      7.78%     42.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-319         1927      5.57%     47.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-383         1400      4.05%     51.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-447         1123      3.24%     55.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-511          878      2.54%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-575          878      2.54%     60.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-639          638      1.84%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-703          541      1.56%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-767          480      1.39%     65.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-831          476      1.38%     66.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-895          262      0.76%     67.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-959          253      0.73%     67.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-1023          191      0.55%     68.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1087          292      0.84%     69.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1151          145      0.42%     69.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1215          146      0.42%     70.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1279          123      0.36%     70.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1343          107      0.31%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1407           79      0.23%     71.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1471          170      0.49%     71.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1535          949      2.74%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1599          246      0.71%     74.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1663          151      0.44%     75.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1727          129      0.37%     75.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1791           98      0.28%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1855           72      0.21%     76.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1919           65      0.19%     76.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1983           51      0.15%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2047           51      0.15%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2111           71      0.21%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2175           44      0.13%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2239           29      0.08%     77.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2303           19      0.05%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2367           23      0.07%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2431           27      0.08%     77.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2495           13      0.04%     77.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2559           27      0.08%     77.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2623           12      0.03%     77.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2687            9      0.03%     77.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2751           14      0.04%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2815           11      0.03%     77.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2879           12      0.03%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2943           14      0.04%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-3007            6      0.02%     77.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3071            7      0.02%     77.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3135           15      0.04%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3199            4      0.01%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3263            7      0.02%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3327            4      0.01%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3391           14      0.04%     77.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3455           11      0.03%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3519            7      0.02%     77.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3583            7      0.02%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3647           11      0.03%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3711            8      0.02%     78.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3775            5      0.01%     78.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3839           12      0.03%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3903            4      0.01%     78.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3967            5      0.01%     78.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-4031            8      0.02%     78.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4095            6      0.02%     78.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4159           41      0.12%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4223            3      0.01%     78.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4287            4      0.01%     78.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4351            5      0.01%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4415            4      0.01%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4479            5      0.01%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4543            4      0.01%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4607            5      0.01%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4671            9      0.03%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4735            4      0.01%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4799            2      0.01%     78.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4863            4      0.01%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4927            4      0.01%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4991            1      0.00%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5055            5      0.01%     78.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5119            3      0.01%     78.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5183           10      0.03%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5247            3      0.01%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5375            2      0.01%     78.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5439            5      0.01%     78.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5503            2      0.01%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5631            5      0.01%     78.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5695            3      0.01%     78.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5759            6      0.02%     78.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5823            2      0.01%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5887            3      0.01%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5951            5      0.01%     78.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-6015            4      0.01%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6079            3      0.01%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6143            3      0.01%     78.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6207          170      0.49%     79.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6271            3      0.01%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6335            1      0.00%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6399            4      0.01%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6463            4      0.01%     79.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6591            1      0.00%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6655            2      0.01%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6719            5      0.01%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6783            3      0.01%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6847           21      0.06%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6911            3      0.01%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6975            1      0.00%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7103            1      0.00%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7167            1      0.00%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7231            4      0.01%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7295            3      0.01%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7359            2      0.01%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7423            1      0.00%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7487            3      0.01%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7551            4      0.01%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7615            3      0.01%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7679            3      0.01%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7743            4      0.01%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7807            2      0.01%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7935            5      0.01%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7999            2      0.01%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8063            2      0.01%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8127            7      0.02%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8191            4      0.01%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8255          318      0.92%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8511            1      0.00%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8767            1      0.00%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-9023            2      0.01%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9279            4      0.01%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9471            1      0.00%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9535            2      0.01%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9663            1      0.00%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9791            2      0.01%     80.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10303           17      0.05%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10559            2      0.01%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10815            1      0.00%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11071            2      0.01%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11200-11263            1      0.00%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11327            2      0.01%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11583            2      0.01%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12095            1      0.00%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12799            1      0.00%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13375            1      0.00%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13631            2      0.01%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13887            1      0.00%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14399            1      0.00%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15423            2      0.01%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15679            1      0.00%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15935            1      0.00%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16191            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16447            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16767            1      0.00%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17215            1      0.00%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17343            1      0.00%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17471            2      0.01%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17728-17791            1      0.00%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17856-17919            1      0.00%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18239            1      0.00%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18495            2      0.01%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19263            1      0.00%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20543           13      0.04%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20799            1      0.00%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-21055            1      0.00%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21567            2      0.01%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21823            1      0.00%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22591            3      0.01%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22847            1      0.00%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23103            2      0.01%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23615            3      0.01%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23871            1      0.00%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24127            1      0.00%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24128-24191            1      0.00%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24383            1      0.00%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24639            1      0.00%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24895            2      0.01%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25216-25279            1      0.00%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25663            3      0.01%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25919            2      0.01%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26687            1      0.00%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26943            3      0.01%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27199            1      0.00%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27455            2      0.01%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27711            1      0.00%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27840-27903            1      0.00%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27967            1      0.00%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27968-28031            1      0.00%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28479            1      0.00%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28735            2      0.01%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28991            2      0.01%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29247            1      0.00%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29504-29567            1      0.00%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29759            4      0.01%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-30015            5      0.01%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30271            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30527            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30783            1      0.00%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31040-31103            1      0.00%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31360-31423            1      0.00%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31680-31743            1      0.00%     80.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31807            2      0.01%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32063            2      0.01%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32319            1      0.00%     80.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32831            6      0.02%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33343            1      0.00%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33472-33535            5      0.01%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33599           49      0.14%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33663            2      0.01%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34879            1      0.00%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35135            1      0.00%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35903            1      0.00%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38016-38079            1      0.00%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38463            1      0.00%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39487            1      0.00%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-41023            1      0.00%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-42047            2      0.01%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42112-42175            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43071            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43327            1      0.00%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46911            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48447            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48576-48639            1      0.00%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53248-53311            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53504-53567            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53760-53823            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54016-54079            1      0.00%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54272-54335            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54528-54591            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55296-55359            1      0.00%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55744-55807            1      0.00%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55808-55871            2      0.01%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56320-56383            3      0.01%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::56576-56639            1      0.00%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58880-58943            1      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::59520-59583            1      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60416-60479            1      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60608-60671            1      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::62464-62527            1      0.00%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::63488-63551            1      0.00%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65024-65087            7      0.02%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65152-65215            2      0.01%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65216-65279            1      0.00%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65344-65407            1      0.00%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65472-65535            6      0.02%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65599         6201     17.92%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65920-65983            1      0.00%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::66304-66367            1      0.00%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::74240-74303            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::76480-76543            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::76864-76927            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::84416-84479            1      0.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::86848-86911            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::87040-87103            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::87424-87487            1      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::97024-97087            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::97472-97535            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::97600-97663            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::99520-99583            1      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::109120-109183            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::110080-110143            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::111168-111231            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::114496-114559            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::120896-120959            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::121152-121215            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::121728-121791            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::122112-122175            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::129856-129919            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130112-130175            1      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131135          336      0.97%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131200-131263            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::132096-132159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::136576-136639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196032-196095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196608-196671            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::420352-420415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          34609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   134116991750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              175932036750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  33272445000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8542600000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       20154.36                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1283.73                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26438.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         356.43                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          44.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  52.02                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.03                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6636609                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    804716                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159828.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     60028731                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7703147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7703147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             64628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          16403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1966658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4359022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     14942786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio         8856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               17335150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17414132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19823614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port     69318644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio        17712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71728126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71728126                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1224802500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9206920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             7965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy              777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5076821641                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        14663419999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.replacements                         69621                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53152.412760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1651309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        134782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         12.251703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        40039.064508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       2.667880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.001518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4643.192238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          5788.281913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker       0.001659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          1923.389950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           755.813095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.610948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.070849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.088322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.029349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.811041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             483114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             241880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             372301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             110577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1219485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          576235                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               576235                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             431                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1737                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           257                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               356                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            65556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            45402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               110958                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              483114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              307436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          3782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              372301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              155979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1330443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             483114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             307436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             372301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             155979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1330443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             9717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             3992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          3986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3365                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7351                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             859                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          95133                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          44601                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            104850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              3992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             46491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                162176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           104850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             3992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            46491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               162176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    686875999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    283916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    153770500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1612336499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11351000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12155500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     23506500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1843000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1049000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2892000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6211024494                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2810090500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9021114994                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6897900493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    283916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2963861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10633451493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    487167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6897900493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    283916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2963861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10633451493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         489950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         251597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         376293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         112467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1241927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       576235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           576235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5292                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3796                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9088                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          641                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       160689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        90003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           250692                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          489950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          412286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          376293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          202470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1492619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         489950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         412286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         376293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         202470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1492619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.038621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.016805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753212                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.886459                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.808869                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599064                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.827526                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.706996                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592032                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495550                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.557393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.254314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.229619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.108652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.254314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.229619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.108652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        98750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71264.921006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70688.072347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71121.367735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81360.052910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71844.599367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2847.717010                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3612.332838                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3197.728200                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4799.479167                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2208.421053                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3366.705471                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65287.802277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63005.100782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64559.198148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        98750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71264.921006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65788.273658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71121.367735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63751.285195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65567.355792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        98750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71264.921006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65788.273658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71121.367735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63751.285195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65567.355792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3365                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        95133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44601                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           162175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          162175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    401430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    565873249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    233821750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    130194500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1331838749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39898978                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     33754347                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73653325                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3848381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4768474                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8616855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5004861313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2258786863                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7263648176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       345500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    401430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5570734562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    233821750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2388981363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8595486925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       345500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    401430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5570734562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    233821750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2388981363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8595486925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    340227750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12648650244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4863250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154086171248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167079912492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  16271278232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    486203500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16757481732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    340227750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  28919928476                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4863250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154572374748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183837394224                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.753212                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.886459                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808869                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599064                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.827526                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706996                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.108651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        86375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58731.528895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58235.386333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58572.582665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68885.978836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59348.458135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10009.778726                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10031.009510                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10019.497347                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10021.825521                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10038.892632                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10031.263097                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52609.097926                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50644.309836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51981.966994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        86375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58731.528895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53130.515613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58572.582665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51385.888946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53001.306767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        86375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 58731.528895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53130.515613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58572.582665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51385.888946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53001.306767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   118409228                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2504917                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2504917                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           576235                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           27028                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         16759                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          43787                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           262464                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          262464                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side       993919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      2951089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma         5837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        14921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side       753559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side      2879854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma         6195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma        11995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      7617369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     31383352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     53719796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma         5764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma        18112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side     24083148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side     27940806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma         7476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma        15128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 137173582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             137173582                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4313200                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4765991701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2214801410                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2446229482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           4396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          10393499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1696938433                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy        2203617971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           4326998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           8213499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      45438572                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7671400                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7671400                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        30448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio          740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                15358692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        40166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             54294394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                54294394                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4037000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6488064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         12976128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9653493                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3738                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    7597651                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1585                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1811                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   134                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9657231                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                7599236                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         17251144                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5323                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     17256467                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    43299111                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                43301316                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         43299111                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     43301316                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2389793161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   42572187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53304847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             48061724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1403541                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5582883                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    48061724                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          272457591                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          52272439                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18020656                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10037354                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7983302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2150335736.878201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              239457424.121800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.100200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.899800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   51313                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                490180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.396236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                42808401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                490692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 87.240878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           76020026000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.396236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.994915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     42808401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42808401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     42808401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42808401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     42808401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42808401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       490693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        490693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       490693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6812744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6812744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6812744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6812744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     43299094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43299094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     43299094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43299094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     43299094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43299094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13883.923349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13883.923349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13883.923349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13883.923349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13883.923349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13883.923349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       490693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       490693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       490693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5831313090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5831313090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5831313090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5831313090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5831313090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5831313090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    430167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    430167000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430167000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11883.831826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11883.831826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11883.831826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11883.831826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11883.831826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11883.831826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                406656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               471.250698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                15968393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                407168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 39.218192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             652579000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   471.250698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.920412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.920412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9137588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9137588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6495058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6495058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       156529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       156529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       159015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       159015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15632646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15632646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15632646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15632646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       263671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       263671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       176701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       176701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9917                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9917                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7374                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7374                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       440372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        440372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       440372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       440372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3870373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3870373500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7511792500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7511792500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     99127000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     99127000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40277500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     40277500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11382166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11382166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11382166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11382166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9401259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9401259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6671759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6671759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       166446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       166389                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16073018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16073018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16073018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16073018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026485                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026485                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044318                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044318                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14678.798579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14678.798579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42511.318555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42511.318555                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9995.664011                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9995.664011                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5462.096555                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5462.096555                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25846.706875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25846.706875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25846.706875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25846.706875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       376588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           376588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       176701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9917                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9917                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7370                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7370                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       440372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       440372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3343027009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3343027009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7158388504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7158388504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79292501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79292501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25539500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25539500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10501415513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10501415513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10501415513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10501415513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13765210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13765210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  25807067504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25807067504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  39572278004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  39572278004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026485                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044294                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12678.781546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12678.781546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40511.307259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40511.307259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7995.613694                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7995.613694                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3465.332429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3465.332429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23846.692144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23846.692144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23846.692144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23846.692144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     5706432                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3576                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3873109                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      645                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1989                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   144                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 5710008                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3873754                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          9579541                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4221                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      9583762                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    19379683                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                19381854                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         19379683                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     19381854                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2388360365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   18799110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     24903355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22267252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     796685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2514656                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22267252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          130770555                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          23319815                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10014978                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5983060                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4031918                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1968746844.438183                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              419613520.561817                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.175691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.824309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   39066                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                376556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               474.951242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                19002611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                377068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 50.395714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          327008186500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   474.951242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.927639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.927639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19002611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19002611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19002611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19002611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19002611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19002611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       377068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        377068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       377068                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5155062500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5155062500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5155062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5155062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5155062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5155062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19379679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     19379679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     19379679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13671.439899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13671.439899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13671.439899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13671.439899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13671.439899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13671.439899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4400893067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4400893067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4400893067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4400893067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4400893067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4400893067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6177000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6177000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11671.351234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11671.351234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11671.351234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11671.351234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11671.351234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11671.351234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                220463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               471.524014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 8230847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                220830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 37.272323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle          106217593500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   471.524014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.920945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.920945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4389322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4389322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3673243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3673243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        73459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73459                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        73734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        73734                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      8062565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8062565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      8062565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8062565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       133853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       112791                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       112791                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         9392                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9392                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       246644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        246644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       246644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       246644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1652691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1652691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3703180000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3703180000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77927500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     77927500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     48937000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     48937000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5355871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5355871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5355871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5355871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4523175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4523175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3786034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3786034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        83204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        83126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      8309209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8309209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      8309209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8309209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117122                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117122                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112985                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.112985                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12347.059834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12347.059834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32832.229522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.229522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7996.664956                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7996.664956                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5210.498296                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5210.498296                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21714.985972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21714.985972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21714.985972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21714.985972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       199647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           199647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       133853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       133853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       112791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9745                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9391                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9391                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1384976517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384976517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3477593010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3477593010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     58436502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58436502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30157000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4862569527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4862569527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4862569527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4862569527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168387734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168387734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    531024500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    531024500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168918759000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168918759000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117122                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117122                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112973                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112973                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10346.996459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10346.996459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30832.185281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30832.185281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5996.562545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5996.562545                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3211.266106                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3211.266106                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19714.931346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19714.931346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19714.931346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19714.931346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 626235127001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 626235127001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 626235127001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 626235127001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
