
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005796                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     5795833                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    5795833                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  39688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 251648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   146.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.funcbus.throughput                           0                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.funcbus.data_through_bus                     0                       # Total data (bytes)
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           14                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits           66                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        77146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        77212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           28                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits           84                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        76992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        77076                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits           66                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        77542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        77608                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           14                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        76973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits           67                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        76892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        76959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        76980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits           72                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        76891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        76963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           22                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77461                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77483                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits           69                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        77392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        77461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits           98                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        77216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        77314                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits           77                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        77331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        77408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99395                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53721                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99652                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54399                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54294                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99790                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54193                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99482                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53726                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99470                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54029                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99753                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54335                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99102                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53848                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
