
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 471701                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 255440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   187.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                6446013                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    88361899                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.001208                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1207510003                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           20281385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3631.637073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2631.637073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               20223321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency      210867375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.002863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                58064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    152803375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           58064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          14615683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  4569.538784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  3569.538784                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              14473602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency     649244640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.009721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              142081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    507163640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         142081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 173.358930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            34897068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  4297.444428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  3297.444428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                34696923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency       860112015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                200145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    659967015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.005735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           200145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           34897068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  4297.444428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  3297.444428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               34696923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency      860112015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               200145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    659967015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.005735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          200145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 196049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 200145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4056.501584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 34696923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               28890000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   147135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses           88361900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2933.039863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1933.039863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits               88285387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      224415679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                76513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    147902679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           76513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                1153.861265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses            88361900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2933.039863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1933.039863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                88285387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       224415679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                 76513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    147902679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses            76513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses           88361900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2933.039863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1933.039863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits               88285387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      224415679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                76513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    147902679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses           76513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  74468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  76513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1798.721885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 88285387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            276658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3650.746755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1972.771607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                108220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency     614924482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.608831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              168438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    332289704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.608831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         168438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_accesses       147135                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_hits       146550                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_miss_rate     0.003976                       # miss rate for WriteReqNoAck|Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_misses          585                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_mshr_miss_rate     0.003976                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReqNoAck|Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_mshr_misses          585                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  1.512545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             276658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3650.746755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1972.771607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 108220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency      614924482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.608831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               168438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    332289704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.608831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          168438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            423793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3638.111275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1972.771607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                254770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency     614924482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.398834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              169023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    332289704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.397453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         168438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                135670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                168438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             30358.430189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  254770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle             475381000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                  115647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1207510003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                         88361899                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          35229376                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls            4706                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
