
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.602332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                602332345500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               602332345500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109402                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40639301                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 298404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14821.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   880025277                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1621493927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             57280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1693184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1750464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        57280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           57280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       162240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            162240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                95097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2811046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2906143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           95097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              95097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            269353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 269353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            269353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               95097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2811046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3175496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         27351                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2535                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          29886                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1750464                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    162240                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1750464                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 162240                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1741                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1642                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1711                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1752                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  164                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    602332206500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   27351                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2535                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     26932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       88037750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 893262750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    136755000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   668470000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3218.81                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    24440.42                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32659.24                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.91                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   2.91                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.27                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      16404                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   59.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  40.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     20154326.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               155894666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         155894666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          25699129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             80742532                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                80542859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.752704                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2586842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   48                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1204664695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          175314236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1434822441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   155894666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           83129701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     393116244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                83893731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              577823849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           791                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 184597714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              11658023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1204295068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.043367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.243240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                818096949     67.93%     67.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 26918487      2.24%     70.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 12895052      1.07%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 20223867      1.68%     72.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 26382325      2.19%     75.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18061341      1.50%     76.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 31920988      2.65%     79.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 38294164      3.18%     82.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                211501895     17.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1204295068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.129409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.191055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                284492311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             500325603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 268669661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              92767668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               58039825                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2310318754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               58039825                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                333414311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               124348906                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           3625                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 298566996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             389921405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2218156227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              243059098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             121762189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2583430749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5648758417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       5648752173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              6244                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1886895260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                696535489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 737453259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            525280959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           216617119                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         339037703                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        144743699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1968663502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1774132594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            144752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       346851970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    707722705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    1204295068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.473171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.418728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           354010440     29.40%     29.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           362491598     30.10%     59.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           234089313     19.44%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           140647652     11.68%     90.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            60236623      5.00%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            39446291      3.28%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            10873538      0.90%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1896665      0.16%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              602948      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1204295068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  400252     14.21%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     14.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2198563     78.06%     92.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                217598      7.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          46812295      2.64%      2.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1058825283     59.68%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                18980      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   398      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            476287231     26.85%     89.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           192188407     10.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1774132594                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.472719                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2816413                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001587                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4755521042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2315690389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1716753140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 379                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               1840                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           92                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1730136533                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     179                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        210301951                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106238837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        40588                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       180694                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     28431061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            64                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               58039825                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1222123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                102210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1968663834                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          63066910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             525280959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            216617119                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  49147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2813                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         180694                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        1387767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24439207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             25826974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1757694663                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             472697091                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          16437931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    664152329                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                110147604                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  191455238                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.459074                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1717478326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1716753232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1259860051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1819503625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.425088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.692420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       347171319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              49                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          25699242                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1146255243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.414601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.834752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    413178457     36.05%     36.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    412793718     36.01%     72.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     87651437      7.65%     79.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    122127525     10.65%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     23936453      2.09%     92.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     25493357      2.22%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     16343741      1.43%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12104723      1.06%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     32625832      2.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1146255243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            880025277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1621493927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      607228180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     419042122                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  107161574                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1621354439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1061692                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              32625832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3082294657                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3995391584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           60284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          369627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   880025277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1621493927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             880025277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.368898                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.368898                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.730515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.730515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3534938952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1966276795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        92                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               906122047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     34                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                799.517991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                184596362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               200866.552775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     799.517991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.390390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.390390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    184596362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       184596362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     184596362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        184596362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    184596362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       184596362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    184597714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    184597714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    184597714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    184597714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    184597714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    184597714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48077.662722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48077.662722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48077.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48077.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 48077.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48077.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51872.017354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51872.017354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51872.017354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51872.017354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51872.017354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51872.017354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22244.474628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  531898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 24190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 21.988342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20784.853808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    785.459531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    674.161290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.634303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.023970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.020574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.678847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       199349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         199373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       429005                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       429005                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       224425                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       224425                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       423774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          423798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       423774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         423798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46652500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    330531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1131448000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1131448000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46652500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1461979500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1508632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46652500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1461979500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1508632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       203905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       429005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       429005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       246325                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       246325                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       450230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       451149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       450230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       451149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.088907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.088907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52125.698324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72548.617208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69195.376995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51664.292237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51664.292237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52125.698324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55260.791503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55158.202625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52125.698324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55260.791503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55158.202625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35533995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    273547521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309081516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    859327626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859327626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35533995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1132875147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168409142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35533995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1132875147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168409142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.088907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.973885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39702.787709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60041.159131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56701.800771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39238.704384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39238.704384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39702.787709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42821.104740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42719.064824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39702.787709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42821.104740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42719.064824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 446134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4092.678697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                450120039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 450230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 999.755767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              862286000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4092.678697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    262180372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       262180372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    187939664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      187939664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     450120036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        450120036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    450120036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       450120036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       211406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        211406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       246394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       246394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       457800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         457800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       457800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        457800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3024053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3024053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4115325499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4115325499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7139378999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7139378999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7139378999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7139378999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    262391778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    262391778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    188186058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    188186058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    450577836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    450577836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    450577836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    450577836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14304.482843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14304.482843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16702.214741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16702.214741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15594.973785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15594.973785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15594.973785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15594.973785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.953488                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       429005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            429005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       203910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       203910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       246323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       246323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       450233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       450233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       450233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       450233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2529393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2529393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3622096999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622096999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6151489999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151489999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6151489999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151489999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12404.457849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12404.457849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14704.664197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14704.664197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13662.903428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13662.903428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13662.903428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13662.903428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
