
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1308474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 210192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1237.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1465826235                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1619366787                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.814106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1814105620000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          419042125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 20817.236451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 17817.236451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              418844799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     4107782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               197326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   3515804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          197326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         188186057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 54292.890290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 51292.890290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             187878126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   16718464000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.001636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              307931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  15794671000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         307931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1372.670239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           607228182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 41219.114233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 38219.114233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               606722925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     20826246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                505257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  19310475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           505257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4094.903534                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          607228182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 41219.114233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 38219.114233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              606722925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    20826246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               505257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  19310475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          505257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 437952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 442048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4094.903534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                606786134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              778540000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   306200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1186516740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1186516018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       40432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               1643373.986150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1186516740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1186516018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        40432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.322353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            660.178535                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1186516740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1186516018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       40432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     38266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                660.178535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1186516018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          244722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits               12516                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency  12074712000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.948856                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            232206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   9288240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.948856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       232206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            198048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                165297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1703052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.165369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               32751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1310040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.165369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          32751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses          63209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   3286868000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses            63209                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency   2528360000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses        63209                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          306200                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              306200                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  3.450731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             442770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 177813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    13777764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.598408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               264957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  10598280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.598408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          264957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.053631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.452717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1757.366037                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         14834.623829                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            442770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                177813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   13777764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.598408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              264957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  10598280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.598408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         264957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 81078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 96612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             16591.989866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  333382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   61253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3628211240                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                       1619366787                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         607228182                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              48                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
