
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 490451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 156012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   394.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342594746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   193435973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.135121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                135120940500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           57734138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3786.144578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2786.144578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               57733640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency        1885500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      1387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses              22406                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency         3500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency         2500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                  22405                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency           3500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.000045                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                    1                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency         2500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses               1                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          18976414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  3587.016575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2587.016575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              18975328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency       3895500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                1086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      2809500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           1086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               48410.960883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            76710552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3649.621212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2649.621212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                76708968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency         5781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             1584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           76710552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3649.621212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2649.621212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               76708968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency        5781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            1584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     26                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   1585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1237.515646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 76731373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                       23                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          193435974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3066.269971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2066.269971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              193423706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       37617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                12268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     25349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           12268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               15766.523150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           193435974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3066.269971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2066.269971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               193423706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        37617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                 12268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     25349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses            12268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          193435974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3066.269971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2066.269971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              193423706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       37617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                12268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     25349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses           12268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  10342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  12268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1591.858190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                193423706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses             13852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2720.824463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1719.824463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                  8685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      14058500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.373015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                5167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      8886333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.373015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           5167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses              23                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits                  23                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  1.685311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses              13852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2720.824463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1719.824463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                   8685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency       14058500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.373015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 5167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      8886333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.373015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            5167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses             13875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2720.824463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1719.824463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  8708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency      14058500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.372396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                5167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      8886333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.372396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           5167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  5167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              3507.285738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    8708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                     135120940500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        193435973                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          76732959                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             396                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
