
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.403658                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2403657545000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2403657545000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 183148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   235229                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7297160965                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 427808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   329.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60328152                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77483430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           512416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7048656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            64128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           675392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           187392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1353632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124661648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       512416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       187392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          763936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3744384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1298192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        159304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1558320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6760200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            110169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             21158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           324548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            39826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           389580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47768482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              213182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2932471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               26679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              280985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               77961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              563155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51863315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         213182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          26679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          77961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1557786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             540090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              66276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             648312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2812464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1557786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47768482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             213182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3472561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              26679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             347261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              77961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1211467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54675779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      13467317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       446508                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    13467317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     446508                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                861908288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2866432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 109734624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2812152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  401719                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2372                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              837719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              837389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              837556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              837999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              838842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              838880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              838796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              839742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              840911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              843323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             844015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             845500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             847242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             846993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             845867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             846543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2402622305000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                13431664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   35645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 429406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17102                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    965936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    943404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    937737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3274872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2367219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2366833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2384991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     47923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     55146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     17633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    17621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    17612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    17600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    17597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    17588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    17582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        48451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    17848.429795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    3200.071202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   18346.519598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71           8608     17.77%     17.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135         4824      9.96%     27.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         1006      2.08%     29.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263          654      1.35%     31.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327          399      0.82%     31.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391          406      0.84%     32.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          283      0.58%     33.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519          297      0.61%     34.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          176      0.36%     34.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          170      0.35%     34.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          172      0.35%     35.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          155      0.32%     35.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839           77      0.16%     35.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903           80      0.17%     35.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967           48      0.10%     35.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          416      0.86%     36.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095           18      0.04%     36.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159           23      0.05%     36.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           23      0.05%     36.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          108      0.22%     37.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           17      0.04%     37.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          165      0.34%     37.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           12      0.02%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          112      0.23%     37.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           15      0.03%     37.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           32      0.07%     37.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735            7      0.01%     37.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          140      0.29%     38.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863            6      0.01%     38.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           13      0.03%     38.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991            8      0.02%     38.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          455      0.94%     39.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            3      0.01%     39.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           12      0.02%     39.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247            2      0.00%     39.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           72      0.15%     39.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            6      0.01%     39.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439            4      0.01%     39.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            2      0.00%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567            5      0.01%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            6      0.01%     39.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695            3      0.01%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            5      0.01%     39.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           10      0.02%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            5      0.01%     39.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951            8      0.02%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            2      0.00%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          505      1.04%     40.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            5      0.01%     40.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            5      0.01%     40.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            5      0.01%     40.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           65      0.13%     40.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            6      0.01%     40.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            5      0.01%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            9      0.02%     40.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           15      0.03%     40.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            3      0.01%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719            4      0.01%     40.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            6      0.01%     40.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           66      0.14%     40.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            4      0.01%     40.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            6      0.01%     40.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            3      0.01%     40.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          327      0.67%     41.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            5      0.01%     41.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            8      0.02%     41.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            2      0.00%     41.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359          130      0.27%     41.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423            6      0.01%     41.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            4      0.01%     41.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            3      0.01%     41.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           68      0.14%     41.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            3      0.01%     41.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            2      0.00%     41.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            5      0.01%     41.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871            4      0.01%     42.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            4      0.01%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            4      0.01%     42.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            7      0.01%     42.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          258      0.53%     42.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            5      0.01%     42.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            4      0.01%     42.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            3      0.01%     42.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           88      0.18%     42.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            3      0.01%     42.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            8      0.02%     42.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            3      0.01%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           92      0.19%     42.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            4      0.01%     43.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            7      0.01%     43.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            2      0.00%     43.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          102      0.21%     43.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            2      0.00%     43.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            3      0.01%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087           10      0.02%     43.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          481      0.99%     44.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            2      0.00%     44.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            3      0.01%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407            1      0.00%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            3      0.01%     44.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            2      0.00%     44.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           67      0.14%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            5      0.01%     44.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            6      0.01%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919          131      0.27%     44.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            1      0.00%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            1      0.00%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            3      0.01%     44.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175           72      0.15%     44.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            1      0.00%     44.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            2      0.00%     44.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           13      0.03%     44.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431          133      0.27%     45.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           66      0.14%     45.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           64      0.13%     45.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          385      0.79%     46.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           65      0.13%     46.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           65      0.13%     46.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967          128      0.26%     46.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223           73      0.15%     46.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479          128      0.26%     47.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           64      0.13%     47.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991            1      0.00%     47.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          478      0.99%     48.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           63      0.13%     48.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10631            1      0.00%     48.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           89      0.18%     48.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           86      0.18%     48.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          257      0.53%     49.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527            1      0.00%     49.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           65      0.13%     49.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039          128      0.26%     49.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          320      0.66%     50.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           64      0.13%     50.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           14      0.03%     50.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12992-12999            1      0.00%     50.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           64      0.13%     50.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          499      1.03%     51.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           64      0.13%     51.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          442      0.91%     52.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          128      0.26%     53.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           66      0.14%     53.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           72      0.15%     53.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          362      0.75%     54.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879            2      0.00%     54.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135            6      0.01%     54.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          781      1.61%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647            7      0.01%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903            1      0.00%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17031            1      0.00%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159            1      0.00%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          362      0.75%     56.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           72      0.15%     56.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           64      0.13%     56.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183          128      0.26%     56.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18240-18247            1      0.00%     57.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            1      0.00%     57.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          442      0.91%     57.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           64      0.13%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207            1      0.00%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          499      1.03%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           64      0.13%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           12      0.02%     59.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           66      0.14%     59.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          320      0.66%     60.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743          128      0.26%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           64      0.13%     60.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          256      0.53%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           85      0.18%     61.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21888-21895            1      0.00%     61.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           87      0.18%     61.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           64      0.13%     61.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          478      0.99%     62.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           67      0.14%     62.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303          128      0.26%     62.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559           71      0.15%     62.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815          129      0.27%     63.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           64      0.13%     63.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           64      0.13%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          384      0.79%     64.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           64      0.13%     64.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           64      0.13%     64.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351          129      0.27%     64.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607           70      0.14%     64.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863          128      0.26%     65.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26048-26055            1      0.00%     65.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           66      0.14%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          480      0.99%     66.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           64      0.13%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           89      0.18%     66.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           86      0.18%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          256      0.53%     67.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911            1      0.00%     67.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           65      0.13%     67.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            1      0.00%     67.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423          127      0.26%     67.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          320      0.66%     68.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           65      0.13%     68.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           13      0.03%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           64      0.13%     68.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          497      1.03%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            1      0.00%     69.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           64      0.13%     69.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          442      0.91%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30912-30919            1      0.00%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983          129      0.27%     71.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           65      0.13%     71.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           72      0.15%     71.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          362      0.75%     72.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263            1      0.00%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32320-32327            1      0.00%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519            6      0.01%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          778      1.61%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031            5      0.01%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33216-33223            1      0.00%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287            2      0.00%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          362      0.75%     74.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           72      0.15%     74.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           66      0.14%     74.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567          128      0.26%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34688-34695            1      0.00%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          443      0.91%     75.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           64      0.13%     76.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35712-35719            1      0.00%     76.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          499      1.03%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           64      0.13%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           13      0.03%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           65      0.13%     77.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          321      0.66%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127          127      0.26%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37248-37255            1      0.00%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           64      0.13%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639            1      0.00%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          257      0.53%     79.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38016-38023            1      0.00%     79.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           86      0.18%     79.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           89      0.18%     79.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           65      0.13%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          479      0.99%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           65      0.13%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39488-39495            1      0.00%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687          128      0.26%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943           71      0.15%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199          128      0.26%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           64      0.13%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           64      0.13%     81.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          384      0.79%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           64      0.13%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           64      0.13%     82.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735          129      0.27%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991           71      0.15%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247          128      0.26%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           67      0.14%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          477      0.98%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           64      0.13%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           87      0.18%     84.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            1      0.00%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           84      0.17%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          256      0.53%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            1      0.00%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           64      0.13%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807          128      0.26%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          320      0.66%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           65      0.13%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           12      0.02%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           64      0.13%     86.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          498      1.03%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343            1      0.00%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           64      0.13%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          443      0.91%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          128      0.26%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           66      0.14%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           72      0.15%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          362      0.75%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391            2      0.00%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48512-48519            2      0.00%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647            1      0.00%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903            7      0.01%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            1      0.00%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            1      0.00%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         4749      9.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          48451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   326245474250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              407559786750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  67336585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 13977727500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24224.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1037.90                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30262.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         358.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       45.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   13424164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     39490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       172678.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.76                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55673060                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            13803640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13803640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             432247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            432247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             17102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       734214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       951964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1686398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     26863328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     26863328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28549726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       738102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5093464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      5832006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    107453312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    107453312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           113285318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133818970                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           417653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              209500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         14595653500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1597948868                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        30334798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    63262                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                50391.923695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1749292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   128659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.596344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2375568862000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36846.357046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5224.016956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3834.498559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.993317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      503.830830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      691.484420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     9.832714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1696.766805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1584.142905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.562231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.079712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.058510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.010551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.025891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.024172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.768920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             467622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             176862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             130139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              64269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             281217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             132179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1290754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            61947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            18483                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113603                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              467622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              238809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              130139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               82752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              281217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              165352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1404357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8708                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             467622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             238809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             130139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              82752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             281217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             165352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1404357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1412                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1028                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         104452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          19227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            110923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             21767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           110923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            21767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     85190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    219607750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    196366750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      573517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        92996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       186992                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    728546978                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1457919895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2186466873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    813736978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    219607750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1654286645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2759983873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    813736978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    219607750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1654286645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2759983873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         475215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         183333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         131141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          65391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         284146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         134719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1312426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1426                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1042                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          475215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          349732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          131141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           93577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          284146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          187119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1559411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         475215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         349732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         131141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          93577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         284146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         187119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1559411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.035296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.986564                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627720                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.344249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.366927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.317166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.007641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.115680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.010308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.116327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.317166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.115680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.116327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71312.375250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75926.916221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74977.039945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77309.744094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26463.501292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   201.276231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data    90.463035                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    64.324733                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75084.713800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75826.696573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16392.518278                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71312.375250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75172.007206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74977.039945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75999.753985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17800.146226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71312.375250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75172.007206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 74818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 74977.039945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75999.753985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17800.146226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          467                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28930                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            36522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           36522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     58877500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     71259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    164184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4670967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10281528                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14952495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    606681022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1218059105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824740127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     58877500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    677940022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182826500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1382243105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302637127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     58877500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    677940022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    182826500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1382243105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2302637127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25057289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26363515500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51420804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    935323010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   8517824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9453147010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25992612010                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34881339500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60873951510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991507                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.986564                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508676                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.344249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.366927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58759.980040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63510.695187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62440.744536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64946.202532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62947.444679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10002.070664                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10001.486381                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.668896                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62525.097599                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63351.490352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63074.321708                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58759.980040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62627.253764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62440.744536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63536.800965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63047.947183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 58759.980040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62627.253764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 62440.744536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63536.800965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63047.947183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58815755                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1021426                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1021425                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            432247                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           432247                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           265552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1515                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           80586                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       831264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2423236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        52067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               3322064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     26578304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     37416070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        21580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        84860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           64100814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             141271334                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          101600                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2179143758                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1872769954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1848854181                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          10116966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30973250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48762849                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             13795996                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13795996                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2775                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2775                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        11418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       719202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       734214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     26863328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     26863328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                27597542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        15382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       715532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       738102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    107453312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    107453312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            108191414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               117209190                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              1515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            360101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         13431664000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           731439000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         36823110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7991455                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6184                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6591541                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1989                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                674                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5669                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   118                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      208                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7997639                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6593530                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14582996                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8173                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14591169                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32325256                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3454                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                674                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2571                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32328710                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32325256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3454                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32328710                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       113673861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31847112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42008964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37152656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5018                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1198427                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4245737                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37152656                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5018                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          189368889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39264582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3589                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1430                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15250074                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8359762                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6890312                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              110868175.114613                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2805685.885387                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.024682                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.975318                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82892                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           891412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.602619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43641790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           891924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.929942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       8178595250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.265032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     7.623785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    11.713802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.014890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.022879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31851952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8051251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3738587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43641790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31851952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8051251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3738587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43641790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31851952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8051251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3738587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43641790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       475959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       308483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       915845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       475959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       308483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        915845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       475959                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       308483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       915845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773590500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162650116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5936240616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773590500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162650116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5936240616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773590500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162650116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5936240616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32327911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4047070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44557635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32327911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4047070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44557635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32327911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4047070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44557635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13497.336438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13493.936833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.708822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13497.336438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13493.936833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.708822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13497.336438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13493.936833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6481.708822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.128631                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510394500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3385597029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4895991529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510394500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3385597029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4895991529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510394500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3385597029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4895991529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11494.368470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11897.029005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.832849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11494.368470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11897.029005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.832849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11494.368470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11897.029005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.832849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           629916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23219265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           630428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.830955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.028749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.124022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.844348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.970759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.015867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6862135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1819979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4638838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13320952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5960420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1315170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2133916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9409506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238419                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       138143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        34804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        74442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12822555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3135149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6772754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22730458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12822555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3135149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6772754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22730458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       176872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        63653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       271744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       512269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       167825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        28657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       610336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       806818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6461                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3756                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11955                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       344697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        92310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       882080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1319087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       344697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        92310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       882080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1319087                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    905796750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3920290585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4826087335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1012897489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23468295787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24481193276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22815750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     50223749                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     73039499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1918694239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27388586372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29307280611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1918694239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27388586372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29307280611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7039007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1883632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4910582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13833221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6128245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1343827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2744252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77427                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250374                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        74444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13167252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3227459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7654834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24049545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13167252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3227459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7654834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24049545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.055338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.222405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046770                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048510                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14230.228740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14426.410832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9421.002120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35345.552186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38451.436237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30342.894279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13127.589183                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13371.605165                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6109.535675                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20785.334622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31050.002689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.852659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20785.334622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31050.002689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.852659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              892                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.496637                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    52.367347                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       140335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       556925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       556925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       697260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       697260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       697260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       697260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       131409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       195062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        53411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1738                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3341                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5079                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       277130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       277130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    778293250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1698666084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2476959334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    952956511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1898218478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2851174989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19339250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     38699751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58039001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1731249761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3596884562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5328134323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1731249761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3596884562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5328134323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27375287500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28782575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56157863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1442314990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  13341314242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14783629232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28817602490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  42123889742                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70941492232                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021325                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019463                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049937                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043150                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12227.125980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12926.558181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12698.318145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33253.882507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35539.841568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34741.616574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11127.301496                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11583.283747                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11427.249655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18754.736876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19461.554821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19226.118872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18754.736876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19461.554821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19226.118872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2096740                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2075                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1419315                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      373                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1735                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    39                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       78                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2098815                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1419688                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3516055                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2448                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3518503                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8182654                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1200                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     888                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8183854                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8182654                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1200                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8183854                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       581318737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7974693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10126531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9058549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1938                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     304877                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1114107                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9058549                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1938                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52214198                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9844324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1424                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                516                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3684398                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2190368                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1494030                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              546218260.044225                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              35100476.955774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.060381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.939619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4723221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3843292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           222521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3120017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2528037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.026385                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 412365                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21211                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10969613                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     23045                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3352330                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     6440                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                531                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2328                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      714                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   159                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      478                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10992658                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3358770                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14321943                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          29485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14351428                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4048520                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4581                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                531                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1671                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1028                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4053101                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4048520                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4581                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4053101                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88363580                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9342746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32497136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4723221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2940402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6855397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1756636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     50446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18848050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34178                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       721824                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          449                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4047074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               289511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1970                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37061318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.053700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.440521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30210914     81.52%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  385385      1.04%     82.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  515477      1.39%     83.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  820134      2.21%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  628486      1.70%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  342820      0.93%     88.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1044433      2.82%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  229207      0.62%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2884462      7.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37061318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.367766                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9926500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19460558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6238388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               279816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1155131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              608208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53066                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36958585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               178391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1155131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10476553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6920166                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11076723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5947862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1483966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34870863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                328650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               889849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents              96                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37358262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            159586833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       148423376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             3369                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             26507725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10850536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            232822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        209087                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3256835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6623705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3904787                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           530493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          775113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32195808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             505146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34809127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            54913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7172484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19086467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        147942                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37061318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.939231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.598560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24455957     65.99%     65.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3833682     10.34%     76.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2322342      6.27%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2005181      5.41%     88.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2795966      7.54%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             971107      2.62%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             498292      1.34%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             144261      0.39%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34530      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37061318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19660      1.28%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1402550     91.51%     92.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               110445      7.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61175      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19747110     56.73%     56.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               27980      0.08%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           388      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11452276     32.90%     89.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3520179     10.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34809127                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.393931                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1532656                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.044030                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108288948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39878610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28070823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               7546                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3965                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3367                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              36276582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4026                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          205280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1528845                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1875                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9489                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       562920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5328051                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       344229                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1155131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5244365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                89322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32783919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            60352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6623705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3904787                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            362611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 30261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2481                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9489                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        106879                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        89021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              195900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33894861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11182187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           914266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        82965                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14668868                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3706634                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3486681                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.383584                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33494578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     28074190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 16115456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 29164308                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.317712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.552575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7126752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         357204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           170224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35906001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.707499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.751012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27147368     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4230684     11.78%     87.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1251387      3.49%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       639812      1.78%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       559957      1.56%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       318640      0.89%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       417979      1.16%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311730      0.87%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1028444      2.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35906001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20561870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              25403458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8436727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5094860                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94449                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3185060                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3299                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 22606405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              295605                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1028444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66885510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   66259648                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         359925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51302262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3553994827                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   20506347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25347935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             20506347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.309084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.309084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.232068                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.232068                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               157055367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29889640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22622                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20830                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                9269321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                242794                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1346583006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1346583006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1346583006000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1346583006000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
