
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 115319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 220936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12188.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               49345009                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1405604152                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.601459                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                601459117000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 98804472                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             100538302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            5348297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          105813027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                105813027                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches               86248929                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events          21327805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples   1172142381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     1.270770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.680117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0    418030405     35.66%     35.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1    498323124     42.51%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2     52996988      4.52%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3    103673812      8.84%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4     32915552      2.81%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5      8294276      0.71%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6     25634202      2.19%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7     10946217      0.93%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8     21327805      1.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total   1172142381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                1489523295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                 402512844                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                   51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                  569360986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           5348297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1489523295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219358890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1405604152                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1405604152                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.855802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.855802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          295702052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14658.314544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  7465.427114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              294883757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    11994825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.002767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               818295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits            604804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1593801500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          213491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 38142.857143                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35142.857143                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency         267000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                    7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       246000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses               7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 15552.195709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12826.845351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             165080578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   27468879045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.010586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             1766238                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits          1498173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   3438428299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         268065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 955.151567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           462548868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 15269.181916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10449.936869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               459964335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     39463704545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               2584533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits            2102977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   5032229799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.001041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           481556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4095.424477                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          462548868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 15269.181916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10449.936869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              459964335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    39463704545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              2584533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits           2102977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   5032229799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.001041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          481556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 477467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 481563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.424477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                459965654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              132267000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   428418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles      393632591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts      1750743071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles         405697785                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles          351108006                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles        30410701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles       21703388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   105813027                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 173096803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     548235394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               1429408                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1755979705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 6170644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.087964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          173096803                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           98804472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.459766                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1202552471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.464003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.699994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                827413927     68.80%     68.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 82887157      6.89%     75.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 45822503      3.81%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 22740108      1.89%     81.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 33832197      2.81%     84.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 32824411      2.73%     86.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 14992283      1.25%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  7935666      0.66%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                134104219     11.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1202552471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          173096803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 35063.545151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35058.732612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              173095009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       62904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 1794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     45366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            1294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               133870.849961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           173096803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 35063.545151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35058.732612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               173095009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        62904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  1794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     45366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.509485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           1043.425085                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          173096803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 35063.545151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35058.732612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              173095009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       62904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 1794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits               500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     45366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1043.425085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                173095009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                          365764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                 89387997                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                     102270118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     1.226826                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                    590483044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                  169844841                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                1212158273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                    1472499084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.958320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                1161635414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       1.224106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                     1473870749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              5524544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 2522826                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             468104285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            2975263                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4542157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            188277600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1708973999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             420638203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           6158150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1475771768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  67057                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  9806                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               30410701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                130988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked        40442                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads       124904328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses         7473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation       832421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads          264                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads     65591441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores     21429458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         832421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       648482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        4876062                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.ipc                               1.168495                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.168495                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu       884685428     59.70%     59.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     59.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd       2618266      0.18%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead      423845992     28.60%     88.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite     170780232     11.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total       1481929918                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt               3245029                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.002190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu            213200      6.57%      6.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      6.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      6.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd          176159      5.43%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMult               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShift              0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead          2529947     77.96%     89.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite          325723     10.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples   1202552471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     1.232320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.127769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0     320557937     26.66%     26.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1     511599256     42.54%     69.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2     219311183     18.24%     87.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3      94899588      7.89%     95.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4      39949785      3.32%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5      10701869      0.89%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6       5167481      0.43%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7        226815      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8        138557      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total   1202552471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     1.231946                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1603627961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1481929918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             3075920                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200595189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             67507                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         832249                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    279093354                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          268080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34407.623615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31319.356706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits              207610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   2080629000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.225567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses             60470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   1893881500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.225567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses        60470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            214777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34036.417352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31005.032810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                181098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1146312500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.156809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               33679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1044218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.156809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          33679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          428418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              428418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  5.114484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             482857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34274.835633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31206.916696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 388708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     3226941500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.194983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                94149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2938100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.194983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           94149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.060598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.478382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1985.676117                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         15675.618625                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            482857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34274.835633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31206.916696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                388708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    3226941500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.194983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               94149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2938100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.194983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          94149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 75916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 91428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             17661.294741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  467607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   59275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         406523724                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        165665166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            468104285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           188277600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.numCycles                       1202918235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles        123850375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps     1244770452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:FullRegisterEvents     28358883                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents       134234499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles         443701065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents       41034727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:ROBFullEvents              3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups     2924510246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts      1732032824                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands   1445195719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles          329589441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles        30410701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles      217220623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps         200425267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles     57780266                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts      3037077                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts          385268446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts      3036332                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.timesIdled                           11396                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              49                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
