
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.187414                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5187414160000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5187414160000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1218225                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2338274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            45751964384                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 354108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   113.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138123832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265116381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2873600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            823872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9013056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             12710848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       823872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          823872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8119168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8119168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        44900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              12873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             140829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                198607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          126862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               126862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       553956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               158821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1737485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2450324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          158821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             158821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1565167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1565167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1565167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       553956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              158821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1737485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4015491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         87121                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     64744.373482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         3489902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        151833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         22.985135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        50159.542434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.140418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.inst           3477.361346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.data          11107.329284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.765374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.053060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.169484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.987921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker          6932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker          2996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst              775163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data             1280771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2065862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1543668                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1543668                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data              305                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 305                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            199243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               199243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker           6932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker           2996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.inst               775163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.data              1480014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2265105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker          6932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker          2996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.inst              775163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.data             1480014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2265105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst             12874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data             28308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                41187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           1396                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1396                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          113412                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             113412                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.inst              12874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.data             141720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                154599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.inst             12874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.data            141720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               154599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    669606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1484839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2154705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     34108000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     34108000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5898009000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5898009000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    669606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7382848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8052714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    669606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7382848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8052714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          788037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1309079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2107049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1543668                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1543668                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1701                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1701                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        312655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           312655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           788037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.data          1621734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2419704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         6932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          788037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1621734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2419704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.016337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.021624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.019547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.820694                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.362738                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.362738                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.016337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.087388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.016337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.087388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52012.272798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52452.981489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52315.172263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24432.664756                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24432.664756                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.158184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.158184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52012.272798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52094.609088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52087.749597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52012.272798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52094.609088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52087.749597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               80195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    80195                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1396                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1396                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       113412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         12874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        141720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           154599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       141720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          154599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    515107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1145138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1660445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     56204000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56204000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4537062000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4537062000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    515107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5682200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6197507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    515107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5682200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6197507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  56051788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56051788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1218002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1218002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  57269790000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  57269790000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820694                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.362738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40011.418363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40452.804861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40314.783791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40260.744986                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40260.744986                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.131732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.131732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40011.418363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40094.552639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40087.626699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40011.418363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40094.552639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40087.626699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     47504                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.096008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     47520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              5048726357000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.096008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.006001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47559                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105990932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105990932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6391870160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6391870160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6497861092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6497861092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6497861092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6497861092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 126330.073897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126330.073897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136812.289384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136812.289384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136627.370046                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136627.370046                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 136627.370046                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136627.370046                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      69487644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                11303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  6147.716889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     62341978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62341978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3962173996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3962173996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4024515974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024515974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4024515974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4024515974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 74305.098927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74305.098927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84806.806421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84806.806421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84621.543220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84621.543220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 84621.543220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84621.543220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.numCycles                      10374828320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   138123832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     265116381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             249524959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     24879442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    249524959                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           777989618                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          422868687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      23163323                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14806608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8356715                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9773126970.350117                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               601701349.649884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.057996                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.942004                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 787531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.360069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                158416168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 788043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 201.024777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           159962400000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.360069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.996797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.996797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    158416168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       158416168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     158416168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        158416168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    158416168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       158416168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        788050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         788050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        788050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11574503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11574503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11574503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11574503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11574503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11574503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    159204218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    159204218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    159204218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    159204218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    159204218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    159204218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14687.523634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14687.523634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14687.523634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14687.523634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14687.523634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14687.523634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       788050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       788050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       788050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       788050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9209308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9209308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9209308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9209308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9209308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9209308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11686.197576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11686.197576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11686.197576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11686.197576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11686.197576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11686.197576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements         3928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        3.062395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           7428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.885279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5163621004000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     3.062395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.191400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.191400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         7428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         7430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         7430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         7430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         4796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         4796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     51199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     51199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     51199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     51199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     51199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.392343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.392279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.392279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10675.354462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10675.354462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10675.354462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10675.354462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 10675.354462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10675.354462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker         4796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     36811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     36811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker     36811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.392279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  7675.354462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7675.354462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  7675.354462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7675.354462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker  7675.354462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7675.354462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         8715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        5.044713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          12138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         8729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.390537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5162053528000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     5.044713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.315295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.315295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        12140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        12140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        12140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        12140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         9925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         9925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         9925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    112013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    112013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    112013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    112013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    112013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        22065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        22065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        22065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        22065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        22065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11285.944584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11285.944584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11285.944584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11285.944584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11285.944584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11285.944584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker         9925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     82238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     82238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     82238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8285.944584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8285.944584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8285.944584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8285.944584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker  8285.944584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8285.944584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1621962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.997374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 20006252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1622474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  12.330707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle               44345000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.997374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     11972224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        11972224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8031812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8031812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      20004036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20004036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     20004036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20004036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1309841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1309841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       314876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       314876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1624717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1624717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1624717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1624717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19532720500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19532720500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9225744000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9225744000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28758464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28758464500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28758464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28758464500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13282065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13282065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8346688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8346688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21628753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21628753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21628753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21628753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14912.283628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14912.283628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29299.610005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29299.610005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17700.599243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17700.599243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17700.599243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17700.599243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1538945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1538945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1309841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1309841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       314876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       314876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1624717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1624717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1624717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1624717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15603157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15603157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8281105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8281105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23884262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23884262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23884262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23884262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  75925327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  75925327500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1379632500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1379632500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  77304960000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  77304960000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11912.252709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11912.252709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26299.575071                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26299.575071                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14700.567545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14700.567545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14700.567545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14700.567545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
