
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 341980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    25.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 100993                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.002583                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     2583072                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53663                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98827                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53487                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           96775                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          51846                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           97235                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          52295                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           97597                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          52429                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           97329                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52105                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           96958                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52281                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           97500                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          52109                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
