
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 332872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    24.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 136908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.003358                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     3358188                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98036                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          52677                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99903                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53671                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53360                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99545                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53578                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99118                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53226                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           96991                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52753                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98713                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52958                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           97919                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          52935                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
