
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 588841                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 206816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2539.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              941590971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1495492697                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.391380                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2391380378000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          384102203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 24147.662775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 21147.661617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              382375390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    41698498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.004496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              1726813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  36518057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.004496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1726813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         149160208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 55999.912355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52999.912355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             147694060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   82104159500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.009829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             1466148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  77705715500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009829                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses        1466148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 210.782586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           533262411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 38773.620317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35773.619690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               530069450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency    123802657500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               3192961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency 114223772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.005988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          3192961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          533262411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 38773.620317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35773.619690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              530069450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency   123802657500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              3192961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency 114223772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.005988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         3192961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2513875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2517971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4086.151092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                530744440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            12270587000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  1463913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1737374915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 48415.215073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45415.215073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1737372102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      136192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 2813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    127753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            2813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               617622.503377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1737374915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 48415.215073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45415.215073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1737372102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       136192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  2813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    127753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             2813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1737374915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 48415.215073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 45415.215073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1737372102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      136192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 2813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    127753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            2813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   2813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                873.848519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1737372102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          791158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 52000.014536                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency  41140227500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            791158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency  31646320000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       791158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1729626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1310104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency   21815144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.242551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              419522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  16780880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.242551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         419522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses         674990                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 51989.214655                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency  35092200000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses           674990                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency  26999600000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses       674990                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         1463913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             1463913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  3.428071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2520784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52000.009499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1310104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    62955371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.480279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses              1210680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  48427200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.480279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses         1210680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2520784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52000.009499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1310104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   62955371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.480279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses             1210680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  48427200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.480279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses        1210680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                663512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                679920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             17171.686632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 2330814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          1313099811000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                  481430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       4782760756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                       1495492697                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         533549000                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             551                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
