
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.548434                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2548433543500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2548433543500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62524                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80452                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2641694597                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 403600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   964.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60316814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77611972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           441408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4859600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           357888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4231256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131003368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       441408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       357888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          799296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3783552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1678512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1337588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6799652                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             75965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             66119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           419628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           334397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47523518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              173208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1906897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              140435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1660336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51405448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         173208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         140435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             313642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1484658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             658645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             524867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2668169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1484658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47523518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             173208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2565541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             140435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2185203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54073617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293431                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813143                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         218375                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    978779584                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52041152                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              131003368                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6799652                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4684                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                955869                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                955530                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                955690                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                955877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                955758                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                955993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                955879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                955787                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                956236                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                955946                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               955507                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               955113                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               956214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               955973                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               956070                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               955978                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 49130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 48908                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50977                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51202                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51099                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50759                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                50417                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50974                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       32387                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2548432371500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      42                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154573                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754025                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59118                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1060830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    986831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    991569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3738549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2806537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2806300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2762834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     15152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     14911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     27618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    40328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    27612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     3599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     3593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     4293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    32471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    32434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    32415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    25744.741658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    2072.132686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   32880.697508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-95           6923     17.29%     17.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-159         3475      8.68%     25.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2293      5.73%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1778      4.44%     36.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-351         1271      3.17%     39.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-415         1070      2.67%     41.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-479          793      1.98%     43.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-543          869      2.17%     46.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-607          551      1.38%     47.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-671          489      1.22%     48.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-735          420      1.05%     49.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-799          393      0.98%     50.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-863          261      0.65%     51.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-927          255      0.64%     52.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-991          183      0.46%     52.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1055          282      0.70%     53.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1119          123      0.31%     53.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1183          156      0.39%     53.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1247          102      0.25%     54.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1311          126      0.31%     54.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1375           80      0.20%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1439          383      0.96%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1503          613      1.53%     57.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1567          451      1.13%     58.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1631           81      0.20%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1695          160      0.40%     58.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1759           53      0.13%     59.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1823          109      0.27%     59.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1887           41      0.10%     59.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1951           74      0.18%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2015           31      0.08%     59.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2079           65      0.16%     59.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2143           23      0.06%     59.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2207           42      0.10%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2271           15      0.04%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2335           29      0.07%     60.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2399           18      0.04%     60.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2463           27      0.07%     60.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2527           12      0.03%     60.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2591           20      0.05%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2655            7      0.02%     60.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2719           22      0.05%     60.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2783            8      0.02%     60.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2847           11      0.03%     60.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2911           11      0.03%     60.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2975           16      0.04%     60.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3039            6      0.01%     60.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3103           19      0.05%     60.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3167            8      0.02%     60.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3231            9      0.02%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3295            8      0.02%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3359            9      0.02%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3423            6      0.01%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3487            6      0.01%     60.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3551            4      0.01%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3615            9      0.02%     60.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3679            4      0.01%     60.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3743            9      0.02%     60.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3807            6      0.01%     60.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3871            4      0.01%     60.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3935            3      0.01%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3999           10      0.02%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4063            5      0.01%     60.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4127           40      0.10%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4191            3      0.01%     60.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4255            5      0.01%     60.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4319            4      0.01%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4383            4      0.01%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4447            3      0.01%     60.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4511            2      0.00%     60.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4575            3      0.01%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4639            3      0.01%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4703            2      0.00%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4767            5      0.01%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4831            1      0.00%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4895            2      0.00%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4959            4      0.01%     60.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5023            3      0.01%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5087            2      0.00%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5151            5      0.01%     61.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5279            6      0.01%     61.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5343            1      0.00%     61.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5407            2      0.00%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5471            5      0.01%     61.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5535            7      0.02%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5791            1      0.00%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5855            1      0.00%     61.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5919            3      0.01%     61.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6047            2      0.00%     61.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6111            1      0.00%     61.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6175            6      0.01%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6239            1      0.00%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6303            2      0.00%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6367            1      0.00%     61.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6431            3      0.01%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6495            1      0.00%     61.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6559            5      0.01%     61.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6623            2      0.00%     61.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6687            2      0.00%     61.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6751            2      0.00%     61.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6815           20      0.05%     61.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6879            2      0.00%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6943            1      0.00%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7071            2      0.00%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7135            3      0.01%     61.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7199            2      0.00%     61.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7391            1      0.00%     61.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7455            9      0.02%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7519            1      0.00%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7583            4      0.01%     61.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7711            7      0.02%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7839            3      0.01%     61.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7903            3      0.01%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7967            4      0.01%     61.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8031            1      0.00%     61.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8095            7      0.02%     61.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8159            2      0.00%     61.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8223          309      0.77%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9247            1      0.00%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9695            1      0.00%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10271           17      0.04%     62.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12319            1      0.00%     62.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12831            1      0.00%     62.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14239            1      0.00%     62.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16927            1      0.00%     62.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18975            1      0.00%     62.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21312-21343            1      0.00%     62.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24607            1      0.00%     62.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26399            1      0.00%     62.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27679            1      0.00%     62.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29983            1      0.00%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30239            1      0.00%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30623            1      0.00%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32031            1      0.00%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32287            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32799            2      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33311            1      0.00%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33567            1      0.00%     62.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33823            6      0.01%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35359            1      0.00%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42944-42975            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45632-45663            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53248-53279            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58112-58143            1      0.00%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58624-58655            1      0.00%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::61120-61151            1      0.00%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65567        14762     36.87%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::123712-123743            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130048-130079            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::130944-130975            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131072-131103          346      0.86%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::131200-131231            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::132096-132127            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::136576-136607            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::161280-161311            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::168384-168415            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::187392-187423            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::196608-196639            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   308881805250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              400754322750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76467100000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 15405417500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       20197.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1007.32                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26204.36                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         384.07                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          20.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.41                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.16                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.10                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15267875                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    798648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158223.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55014580                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.bridge.slave      2382958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.physmem.port     32163398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16692492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19090473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.bridge.slave      2390333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.physmem.port    137803020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140201001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140201001                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1492522500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17540815750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             3583500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4705924038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34177393245                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.replacements                         64346                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     51424.069961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1905385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        129735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         14.686746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2511358439500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36974.185132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker      11.366489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4621.370879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3355.179290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      15.725461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3578.652286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2867.590058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.564181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.070517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.051196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.054606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.043756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.784669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        33086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             499528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             184262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             472129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             203355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1436386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  36                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            57570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            55424                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         33086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              499528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              241832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              472129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              258779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1549380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        33086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             499528                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             241832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             472129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             258779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1549380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          70783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          62396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             76927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             66949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            76927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            66949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    504819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    454994499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1910500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    410434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    342510500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1716543999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       228000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       251000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       479000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4858356000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4267377000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9125733000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    504819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5313350499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    410434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4609887500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10842276999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    504819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5313350499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    410434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4609887500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10842276999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         506314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         190406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         477729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         207908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1459511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1568                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1382                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2950                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       128353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117820                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          506314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          318759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          477729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          325728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1705684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        33104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         506314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         318759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         477729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         325728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1705684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.032268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.021899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986607                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989146                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.987797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.529588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.241333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.205537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.241333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.205537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96944.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74391.320365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74055.094238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86840.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73291.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75227.432462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74228.929686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   147.382030                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   183.613753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   164.378861                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68637.328172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68391.836015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68522.312076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96944.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74391.320365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69070.033915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86840.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73291.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68856.704357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69366.599697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 96944.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74391.320365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69070.033915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86840.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 73291.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68856.704357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69366.599697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59118                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59118                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1547                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        76886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        66924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        76886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        66924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1520750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    420212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376397249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1636250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    340379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    284301250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1424552249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15478046                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13672367                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29150413                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3973988207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3487056311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7461044518                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1520750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    420212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4350385456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1636250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    340379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3771357561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8885596767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1520750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    420212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4350385456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1636250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    340379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3771357561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8885596767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6781750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  82698758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  84243559500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166949099250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13398896029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  10148159249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23547055278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6781750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  96097654029                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  94391718749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 190496154528                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986607                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.989146                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987797                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.529588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.205460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.205460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84486.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61959.893837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61674.135507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60868.919886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62787.378534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61810.745390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10005.201034                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10001.731529                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10003.573439                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56143.257661                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55885.895105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56022.680137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61959.893837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56582.283589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60868.919886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56352.841447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56876.555548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 84486.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61959.893837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56582.283589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60868.919886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56352.841447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56876.555548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58505331                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2677704                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2677706                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           608398                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2950                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2960                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246173                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246173                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side      1969441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side      5798176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        37507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma       149666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count                      7954790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side     62986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side     85598825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma        54648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma       253968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                 148893553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148893553                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          203396                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4965063678                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4434793437                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4469014832                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23886909                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86662497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48461480                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322135                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123500861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123500861                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         30277632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7472736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5963732                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           379354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4914816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                4037140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            82.142241                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 698266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             38240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25723416                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     39440                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6006462                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     9528                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         258                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                791                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5597                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1333                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   268                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      680                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25762856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6015990                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31729878                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          48968                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31778846                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     6261683                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      7235                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         258                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                791                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2632                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1762                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 6268918                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          6261683                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           7235                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      6268918                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       237920120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15748746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      49352173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7472736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4735406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10833707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2792544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     84623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              47712542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50902                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1299242                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          340                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6259599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               422561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2976                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          77655749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.785029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.152550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                66829888     86.06%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  668416      0.86%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  858180      1.11%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1304413      1.68%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1126910      1.45%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  549966      0.71%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1380247      1.78%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  376750      0.49%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4560979      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            77655749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.031409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.207432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16823690                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             48684179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9802416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               509733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1833567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved             1006000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                91487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              57560969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               307020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1833567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17765952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               19652864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      25831801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  9294758                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3274685                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              54590229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                552363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2204905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             211                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           56896376                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            249980910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       249932531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48379                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             39701074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                17195302                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            410578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        363043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6638624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            10379903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6907552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1064074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1362159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  50052762                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             969661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62837234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            92382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11367794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29332821                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        250599                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77655749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.809177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.518047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           55074638     70.92%     70.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6993608      9.01%     79.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3678555      4.74%     84.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3117743      4.01%     88.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6240678      8.04%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1479911      1.91%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             787330      1.01%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             219248      0.28%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64038      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77655749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30466      0.70%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     2      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4143838     94.53%     95.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               209138      4.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           167413      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29876413     47.55%     47.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               48260      0.08%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 15      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 2      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              7      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           946      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26437550     42.07%     89.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6306621     10.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              62837234                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.264111                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4383444                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.069759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         207842642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         62399132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43895220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12180                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6627                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5522                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              67046851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6414                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          320881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2431860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3521                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       922699                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     16864632                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       486760                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1833567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               14994749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               240124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           51146104                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           107104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10379903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6907552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            682007                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 55746                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         16133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        183360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       147814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              331174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61530066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26055329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1307168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       123681                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32305514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5821167                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6250185                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.258616                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      60920832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     43900742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 23943541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 43567103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.184519                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549578                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11253313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         719062                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           289317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75822182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.499421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61770131     81.47%     81.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6789372      8.95%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2077521      2.74%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1107875      1.46%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1001712      1.32%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       557795      0.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       684831      0.90%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       401810      0.53%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1431135      1.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75822182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30629038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              39434598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13932896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7948043                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     201908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4992421                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34986832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              490811                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1431135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   124149615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  103265708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         892080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      160264371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2282472691                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30545540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39351100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             30545540                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.789030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.789030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.128386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.128386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               279175646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               45166448                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23007                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19790                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15439802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                404480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                984632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.564307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                10914069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                985144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 11.078653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6937099000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   153.323923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   358.240384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.299461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.699688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5710872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5203197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10914069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5710872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5203197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10914069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5710872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5203197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10914069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       548607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       517852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1066459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       548607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       517852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1066459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       548607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       517852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1066459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7528963984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7029593986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14558557970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7528963984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7029593986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14558557970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7528963984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7029593986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14558557970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6259479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5721049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11980528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6259479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5721049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11980528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6259479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5721049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11980528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.090517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13723.784028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13574.523196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13651.305835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13723.784028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13574.523196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13651.305835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13723.784028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13574.523196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13651.305835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7371                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              409                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.022005                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        81292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        41633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       478193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       985167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       478193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       985167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       506974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       478193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       985167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6125840118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5721520916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11847361034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6125840118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5721520916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11847361034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6125840118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5721520916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11847361034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      9172000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9172000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.080993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.083585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12083.144536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11964.878022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12025.738818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12083.144536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11964.878022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12025.738818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12083.144536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11964.878022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12025.738818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                643975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.992067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                21534411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                644487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.413259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              48810000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   193.724997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   318.267071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.378369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.621615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7114161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6663960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13778121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3647393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3614436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7261829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       129061                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       116531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       131145                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10761554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10278396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21039950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10761554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10278396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21039950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       340518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       408477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1561577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1400471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2962048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6933                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6630                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13563                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1902095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1808948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3711043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1902095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1808948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3711043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5421439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6015207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11436646500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  76471634301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66135076354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 142606710655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98609000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88268000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    186877000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  81893073301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72150283854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 154043357155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  81893073301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  72150283854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 154043357155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7454679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7072437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14527116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5208970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5014907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       121553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       257244                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       116536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12663649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12087344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24750993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12663649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12087344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24750993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.279262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048861                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052724                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000043                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000038                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.149656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.149656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15921.152479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14725.939282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15269.322893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48970.773968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47223.452934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48144.631908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14223.135728                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13313.423831                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13778.441348                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43054.144667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39885.217184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41509.450889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43054.144667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39885.217184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41509.450889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        37642                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26512                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3481                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            294                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.813559                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    90.176871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       206439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1431703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1281330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          676                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          699                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1375                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1588025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1487769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3075794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1588025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1487769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3075794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       202038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       386234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       129874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       119141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6257                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5931                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12188                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       314070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       635249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       314070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       635249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2559621550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2682909890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5242531440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5713299541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5062841611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10776141152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77981002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68096502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146077504                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8272921091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7745751501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16018672592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8272921091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7745751501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16018672592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  90317850501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  92017839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182335689501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  18608772616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  14303930851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32912703467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       156000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       156000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 108926623117                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 106321769851                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215248392968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023757                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051475                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043710                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047379                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13896.184228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13279.234055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13573.459198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43991.095531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42494.536818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43275.068377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12463.001758                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11481.453718                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11985.354775                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26341.010256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24116.618773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25216.368057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26341.010256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24116.618773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25216.368057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7176614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5748558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           346164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4712171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3815419                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.969451                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 703194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35756                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25652921                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36442                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5708219                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9483                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                648                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5550                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     1291                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   249                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      574                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25689363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5717702                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31361140                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          45925                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31407065                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5722854                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6790                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                648                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2604                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1206                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5729644                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5722854                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6790                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5729644                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       238719781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14663434                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      45610232                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7176614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4518613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10115214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2414166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     79241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              48437095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41135                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1402245                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          183                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5721051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               343472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3001                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          76398004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.741963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.097795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                66290194     86.77%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  639384      0.84%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  858446      1.12%     88.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1141205      1.49%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1054322      1.38%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  565766      0.74%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1279029      1.67%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  372986      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4196672      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            76398004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.191062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15662136                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             49485106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9174118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               502006                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1572389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              964164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                86078                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              53732667                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               284993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1572389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16517156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19371694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      27019391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8745759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3169437                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              51316953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                13347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                558580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2084092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             533                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           53384018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            234291448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       234248948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42500                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             38701877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                14682140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            422621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        375998                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6399704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             9755366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6540913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           899316                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1131463                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47221133                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1016692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 61223636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            83704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9695690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24360360                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        252773                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76398004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.801377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.509980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54279894     71.05%     71.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6964982      9.12%     80.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3572105      4.68%     84.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2997144      3.92%     88.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6191464      8.10%     96.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1336331      1.75%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             781274      1.02%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             210623      0.28%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64187      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76398004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  28625      0.64%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     3      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4232850     94.77%     95.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               204916      4.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           196253      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28636645     46.77%     47.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               45275      0.07%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 13      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             13      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1166      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc           13      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26314487     42.98%     90.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6029771      9.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              61223636                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.256467                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4466394                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.072952                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203430011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57942058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42278659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11099                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5883                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4799                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              65487820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5957                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          306320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2045827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3210                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14938                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       792022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17238980                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       391927                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1572389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14646185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               228906                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48337037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           102627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9755366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6540913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            729665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 50173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3845                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         14938                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        169845                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              302175                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             60177661                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26008514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1045975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        99212                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    31985233                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5705434                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   5976719                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.252085                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      59667880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     42283458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 23216135                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 42895102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.177126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.541230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9567940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         763919                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           261423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74825615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.487191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61056295     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6800068      9.09%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1929591      2.58%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1057405      1.41%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1013455      1.35%     96.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       520209      0.70%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685711      0.92%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       375889      0.50%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1386992      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74825615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            29838157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              38327755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13458430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7709539                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     201879                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   4970440                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      4743                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 33879408                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              500692                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1386992                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   120414089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   97409741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         885352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      162321777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2286481516                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   29771274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38260872                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             29771274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              8.018460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        8.018460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.124712                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.124712                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               271859015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               43450852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22226                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19958                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               14811721                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                428358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1456504103755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1456504103755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1456504103755                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1456504103755                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83064                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
