
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 460435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 178124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   199.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 765898                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    91900700                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000153                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   152870012                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           19995627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3765.212314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2765.212314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               19995156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency        1773415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      1302415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses           6500813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  3867.178372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2867.178372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits               6499204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency       6222290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                1609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      4613290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           1609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               12737.673077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            26496440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3844.088942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2844.088942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                26494360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency         7995705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  2080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      5915705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             2080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           26496440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3844.088942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2844.088942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               26494360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency        7995705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 2080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      5915705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            2080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   2080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1399.324024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26494360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                       74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses           91900701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3116.205529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2116.205529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits               91892201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       26487747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 8500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     17987747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            8500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               10810.847176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses            91900701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3116.205529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2116.205529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                91892201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        26487747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  8500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     17987747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             8500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses           91900701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3116.205529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2116.205529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits               91892201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       26487747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 8500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     17987747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            8500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   6677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   8500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1370.015418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 91892201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses             10580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2883.751500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1878.799057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                  5912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      13461352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.441210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                4668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      8770234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.441210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           4668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_accesses           74                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReqNoAck|Writeback_hits           74                       # number of WriteReqNoAck|Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  1.282348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses              10580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2883.751500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1878.799057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                   5912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency       13461352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.441210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 4668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      8770234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.441210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            4668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses             10654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2883.751500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1878.799057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  5986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency      13461352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.438145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                4668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      8770234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.438145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           4668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  4668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              3056.777484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    5986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        152870012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                         91900700                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          26536244                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             387                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
