
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 139548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 244652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10956.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               63750196                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1528988756                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.698491                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                698491025500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                172887264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             187312240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           17887438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          187888188                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                187888188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches              149758588                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events          10029766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples   1350871673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     1.131853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0    568349245     42.07%     42.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1    413717350     30.63%     72.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2    172321570     12.76%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3    110104358      8.15%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4     43035291      3.19%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5     18507275      1.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6      8248201      0.61%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7      6558617      0.49%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8     10029766      0.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total   1350871673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                1528988756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:fp_insts                      0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.COM:function_calls                0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.COM:int_insts            1528317614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                 384102160                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                       0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                  533262345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          17888761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1528988756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257046446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1528988756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1528988756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.913664                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.913664                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          334229227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14263.584813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  8537.168964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              332171764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    29346798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.006156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              2057463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits            319131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  14840434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         1738332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         149160201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 16290.992476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12654.921756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             148197195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   15688323500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.006456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              963006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits           176041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   9958980500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005276                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         786965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 190.400689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           483389428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 14909.976398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  9820.395185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               480368959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     45035121500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               3020469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits             495172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  24799414500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.005224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          2525297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.997741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4086.747665                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          483389428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 14909.976398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  9820.395185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              480368959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    45035121500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              3020469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits            495172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  24799414500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.005224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         2525297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2518885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                2522981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4086.747665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                480377321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle             3312879000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  2225275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles       18280435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts      1869219380                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles         343093281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles          984893533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles        39316255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles        4604424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   187888188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 144979108                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    1039380252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2070461                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      999560833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 1828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                17988626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.134496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          144979108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          172887264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.715514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1390187928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.363495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.275570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                388271402     27.93%     27.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                493387093     35.49%     63.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                229970387     16.54%     79.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                224046516     16.12%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 21915192      1.58%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 25802023      1.86%     99.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   493192      0.04%     99.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                       12      0.00%     99.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  6302111      0.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1390187928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         9                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          144979108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22807.726664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19441.756997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              144972391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      153199500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 6717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    120169500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            6181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               43679.520036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           144979108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 22807.726664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19441.756997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               144972391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       153199500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  6717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    120169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             6181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.450710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            923.054085                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          144979108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 22807.726664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 19441.756997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              144972391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      153199500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 6717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits               536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    120169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            6181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   3319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                923.054085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                144972327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                         6794124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                154306305                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     1.173655                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                    571924541                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                  156120222                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                1557537154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                    1628444279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.759406                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                1182802327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       1.165687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                     1630313962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             18753816                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 4588629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             454402470                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          11948307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            170547501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1786034876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             415804319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          21119599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1639574511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 357621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  9695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               39316255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                668139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads        80610216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses       294173                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation       154646                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads     70300310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores     21387316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         154646                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       515713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       18238103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2891828761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1524435086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.ipc                               1.094494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.094494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1929805      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu      1078730229     64.96%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead      421270517     25.37%     90.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite     158763559      9.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total       1660694110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                783660                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.000472                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu             37602      4.80%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAdd                0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAlu                0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCmp                0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCvt                0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMisc               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMult               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShift              0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead           575954     73.50%     78.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite          170104     21.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples   1390187928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     1.194582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.080366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0     424313305     30.52%     30.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1     484307598     34.84%     65.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2     321495427     23.13%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3     117467117      8.45%     96.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4      33024815      2.38%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5       8635258      0.62%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6        892156      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7         52195      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8            57      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total   1390187928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     1.188773                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      22                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  44                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 68                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1659547943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4712390399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1628444270                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2036676469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1786034306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1660694110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       250539717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             30635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    443519402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          789066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34257.778038                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31001.587520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits              541510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   8480718500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.313733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            247556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   7674629000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.313733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       247556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           1737232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34158.153227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31002.616867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               1403818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency   11388806500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.191923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              333414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  10336706500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.191923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         333414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses           2858                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency    24.740050                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31000.358551                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits                 69                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency        69000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate      0.975857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses             2789                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency     86460000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.975857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses         2789                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         2225275                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             2225275                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  5.353417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            2526298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34200.604162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31002.178254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                1945328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    19869525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.229969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               580970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  18011335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.229969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          580970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.234251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.418210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          7675.941579                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         13703.908999                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           2526298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34200.604162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31002.178254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1945328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   19869525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.229969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              580970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  18011335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.229969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         580970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                570217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                589293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             21379.850577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 3154731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          377230361000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                  411577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         169465698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         40622935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            454402470                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           170547499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               909615360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numCycles                       1396982052                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles          7556367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps     1427299027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents         5884693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles         361176398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents        2156935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:ROBFullEvents             61                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups     4360508954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts      1840516856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands   1743217369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles          971079353                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles        39316255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles       11053475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps         315918342                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:fp_rename_lookups          168                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:int_rename_lookups   4360508786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles         6080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts          557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts           18505861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts          554                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3126877109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3611419620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          237370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             551                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
