
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000012                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    12009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   12009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  10920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    19780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24373770                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 225464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             19520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           19520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           1625447581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            772753768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              2398201349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      1625447581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         1625447581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          1625447581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           772753768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2398201349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           451                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            451                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        28800                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  28800                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    40                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    20                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    55                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    52                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    14                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    22                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    35                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   30                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   40                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   13                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   34                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        11990500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     451                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        3096951                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  13440951                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      1804000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8540000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6866.85                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    18935.70                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29802.55                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        2398.20                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                2398.20                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          14.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.12                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        26586.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            24019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                     3185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted               3185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect                589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                  2591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                      779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles               8560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          15317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        3185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          4169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    2596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles                   2320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           142                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      1999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              17196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.587346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.039622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    13133     76.37%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      180      1.05%     77.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      163      0.95%     78.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      205      1.19%     79.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      179      1.04%     80.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      184      1.07%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      242      1.41%     83.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      193      1.12%     84.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2717     15.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                17196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.132603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.637703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                     9044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  2277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  26083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                     9405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            293                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      3524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                   714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  24459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents                   613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               26793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 58583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            58567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                16                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    15733                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 29                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             29                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                10                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                4                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      21719                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  34                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     18260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           11155                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         17196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.061875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.899452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               11700     68.04%     68.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1330      7.73%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1020      5.93%     81.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 704      4.09%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 773      4.50%     90.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 702      4.08%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 638      3.71%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 284      1.65%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  45      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           17196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     154     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     22     11.28%     90.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    19      9.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 5      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 14636     80.15%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     80.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 2090     11.45%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1529      8.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  18260                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.760231                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         195                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              54132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             32913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  4                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  18446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                     687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    29                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               21753                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 30                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             71                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 17199                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  1930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         3340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1687                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1410                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.716058                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          16930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         16726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     10734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     16630                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.696365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.645460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           12007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              13                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        15215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.640486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.512697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        11677     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1319      8.67%     85.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          603      3.96%     89.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          704      4.63%     94.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          365      2.40%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          135      0.89%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          125      0.82%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           73      0.48%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          214      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        15215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                   9745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           1986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1052                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                      9650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        36753                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       45519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                            6823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                          9745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               4.464498                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         4.464498                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.223989                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.223989                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    30259                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   18088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                149.891095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     1605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   5.262295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     149.891095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.073189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.073189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            1605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          1605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             1605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            1605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         1999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.197099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.197099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.197099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.197099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.197099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.197099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33852.791878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33852.791878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33852.791878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33852.791878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33852.791878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33852.791878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34725.490196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34725.490196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34725.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34725.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34725.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34725.490196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 84.879845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     2447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  16.875862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      84.879845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.020723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.020723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          2447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         2447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3133000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3133000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      8265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      8265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38878.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38878.787879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41223.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41223.684211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39735.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3278500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3278500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2981000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2981000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6259500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6259500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.040674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46835.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46835.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39223.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39223.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42873.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42873.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42873.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42873.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               182.959089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.002681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    149.880234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     33.078855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.005583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13528500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2905000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2905000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      6114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     16433500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      6114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     16433500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33832.786885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        45850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        36076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38223.684211                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38223.684211                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33832.786885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36437.915743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 33832.786885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41880.136986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36437.915743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9239430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2977566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12216996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2628106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2628106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9239430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5605672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14845102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst      9239430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5605672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14845102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30293.213115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42536.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32578.656000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34580.342105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34580.342105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30293.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38395.013699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32915.968958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 30293.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38395.013699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32915.968958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
