
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.137942                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5137941673500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5137941673500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 248874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   494699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5246911955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 994832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   979.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243705182                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     484425104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2466368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           426944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5894144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1789248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           385728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2633280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13744640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       426944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       385728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          959872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9091584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9091584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        38537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             92096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             27957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              6027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             41145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                214760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          142056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               142056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       480030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               83096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1147180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               28650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              348242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               75074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              512517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2675126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          83096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          28650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          75074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             186820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1769499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1769499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1769499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       480030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              83096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1147180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              28650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             348242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              75074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             512517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4444625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        100936                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        78380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      100936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      78380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6458816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5015040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6459904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5016320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            699                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                6403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                6306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                6199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               6128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               6570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5136941479000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  100936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  78380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     75816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      3848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      322.217991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     144.094116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1121.662575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          16547     46.47%     46.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         5535     15.54%     62.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3551      9.97%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2213      6.22%     78.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1334      3.75%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1101      3.09%     85.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          807      2.27%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          584      1.64%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          515      1.45%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          517      1.45%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          309      0.87%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          309      0.87%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          205      0.58%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          200      0.56%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          177      0.50%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          272      0.76%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          139      0.39%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155           84      0.24%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           95      0.27%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283           94      0.26%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347           81      0.23%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          178      0.50%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475           83      0.23%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539           58      0.16%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           45      0.13%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           38      0.11%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           29      0.08%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           19      0.05%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           15      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           14      0.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           11      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           10      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115            8      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           10      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            8      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307            6      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371            6      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            5      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            6      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            3      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            5      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            4      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755            4      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            6      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            5      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            2      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            8      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075            5      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203            3      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331            1      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            8      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            3      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            4      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            5      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            6      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715            1      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           10      0.03%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843            3      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            1      0.00%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971            6      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            4      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163            4      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227            4      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            3      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611            3      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739            1      0.00%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931            1      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995            4      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            2      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187            3      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379            3      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507            3      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571           20      0.06%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6211            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            4      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            6      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            2      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8323            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8451            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8707            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8771            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8835            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9027            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9155            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            3      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9347            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9475            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9795            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10051            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10115            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10179            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10435            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10560-10563            2      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11011            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11072-11075            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11267            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11395            3      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11587            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12163            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12227            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12355            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12419            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12608-12611            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12739            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12867            2      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13187            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13632-13635            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13827            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13888-13891            3      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13955            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14016-14019            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14083            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14531            2      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14723            3      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915           12      0.03%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            3      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            7      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            5      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            4      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            2      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            6      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           10      0.03%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            5      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15555            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15744-15747            3      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15811            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15875            2      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15936-15939            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            4      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            3      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16131            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            5      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16259            9      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16323            8      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387           29      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     2741683498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4643457248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    504595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1397178750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       27167.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13844.56                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  46011.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      85240                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     58432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     28647423.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.12                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                      6427951                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              423177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             423176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               6474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              6474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             78380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             80216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            80216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       310648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       497624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       207711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1015985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        78748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        78748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1096517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         3568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       159467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       995245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8228608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9383320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12634504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               32719620                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus           306816                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           163512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           315210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1784000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           830204748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1595294481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy          252511249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   103855                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64822.347448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3646219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   167877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.719586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51292.264352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.121895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1278.615227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4499.945934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      292.458405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1505.357985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     6.212632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     0.003182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1370.507166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     4576.860668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.782658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.019510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.068664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.022970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.020912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.069837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             346717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             513928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             155624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             223811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        47020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         9087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             331652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             566093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2240790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1542501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1542501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             139                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              58                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              57                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 254                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            70841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            36082                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            59675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               166598                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              346717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              584769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              155624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              259893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         47020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          9087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              331652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              625768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2407390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             346717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             584769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             155624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             259893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        47020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         9087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             331652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             625768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2407390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            16268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             6029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            11901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                47736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           761                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           281                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           269                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1311                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          76320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          23649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          29451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             129420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             92588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             28188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              6029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             41352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                177156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6671                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            92588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            28188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             6029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            41352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               177156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    178484750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    352246744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2002250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    488673998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    943243246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1964725488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3587383                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3136875                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6724258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1676320610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2179701143                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3856021753                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    178484750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2028567354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2002250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    488673998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3122944389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5820747241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    178484750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2028567354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2002250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    488673998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3122944389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5820747241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         353388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         530196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         157925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         228350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        47042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         9088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         337681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         577994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2288526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1542501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1542501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          900                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          339                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          326                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1565                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        89126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          353388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          677357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          157925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          288081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        47042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          337681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          667120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2584546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         353388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         677357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         157925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         288081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        47042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         9088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         337681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         667120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2584546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.030683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.019877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.020590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.828909                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.825153                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.837700                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518616                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.395925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.437203                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.136690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.097847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.017854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.061986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.136690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.097847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.017854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.061986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77568.339852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77604.482045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 91011.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81053.905789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79257.478027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41158.150830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12766.487544                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11661.245353                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5129.106026                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70883.361241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74011.108044                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29794.635705                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77568.339852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71965.636228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 91011.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81053.905789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75520.999927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32856.619256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77568.339852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71965.636228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 91011.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81053.905789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75520.999927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32856.619256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        11901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          281                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          550                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        29451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         53100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            77891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         6027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           77891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149580250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    295478756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1731250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    413107752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    794213750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1654174258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3410269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2847765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6258034                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1378867890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1809513813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188381703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149580250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1674346646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1731250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    413107752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2603727563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4842555961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    149580250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1674346646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      1731250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    413107752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2603727563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4842555961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28165267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30426261500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58591529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    495358500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    671313500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1166672000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28660626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31097575000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59758201000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.828909                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.825153                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351438                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.395925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.330442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.030137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.017848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65006.627553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65097.765147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78693.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68542.849179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66735.043274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66724.789561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12136.188612                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10586.486989                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11378.243636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58305.547380                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61441.506672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60044.853164                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65006.627553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59399.270824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78693.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68542.849179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62964.972988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62170.930672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65006.627553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59399.270824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 78693.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68542.849179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62964.972988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62170.930672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47575                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.094274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000200819009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.094274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47630                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    129801048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129801048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6845673540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6845673540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6975474588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6975474588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6975474588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6975474588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 142638.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142638.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146525.546661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146525.546661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146451.282553                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146451.282553                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146451.282553                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146451.282553                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        105453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.341702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     92126548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92126548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5426189542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5426189542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5518316090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518316090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5518316090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518316090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.795604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.583904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.587949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.587949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 127246.613260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127246.613260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 198907.241276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198907.241276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 197054.566848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197054.566848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 197054.566848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197054.566848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52188015                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1787129                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1786595                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              6474                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             6474                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           905502                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             665                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            665                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           176137                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          148862                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       991248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3625702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        34347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       125379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               4776676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     31718784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    120252184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       120160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       463592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          152554720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             268001344                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          137632                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5049278590                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2232669307                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4714355905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          19343965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          67521559                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1276093                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               150466                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              150466                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               32862                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              32862                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               892                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              892                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         4556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       287190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        14980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       310648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        56008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        56008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  368440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           17                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       143595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         7490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       159467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1782176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1782176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1945211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6556491                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2113460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              3772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            143596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              394000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            11170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           248070339                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           305066000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            32957751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1184263733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   72124506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    146682326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            134713165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     981373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14229217                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   134713165                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          247622256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         115606613                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            83816060                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55907358                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14049102                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10253492                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3795610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1123870108.492543                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              60393624.507457                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           848510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.789516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          129618382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           849022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.667872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     147463418500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   302.993641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   130.368033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    77.427843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.591784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.254625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.151226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     87771297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     39145197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2701888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129618382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     87771297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     39145197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2701888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129618382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     87771297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     39145197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2701888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129618382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       353389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       356099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       867413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       353389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       356099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        867413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       353389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       356099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       867413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2216316250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5093590204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7309906454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2216316250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5093590204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7309906454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2216316250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5093590204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7309906454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     88124686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     39303122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3057987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130485795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     88124686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     39303122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3057987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130485795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     88124686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     39303122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3057987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130485795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14033.979737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14303.859893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8427.250288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14033.979737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14303.859893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8427.250288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14033.979737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14303.859893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8427.250288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4049                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              236                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.156780                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        18382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       337717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       495642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       337717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       495642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       157925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       337717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       495642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899637750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4221033432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6120671182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899637750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4221033432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6120671182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899637750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4221033432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6120671182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.110438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12028.733576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12498.729504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12348.976039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12028.733576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12498.729504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12348.976039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12028.733576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12498.729504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12348.976039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1632030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19577218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1632542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.991862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   205.523243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   299.707974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.766620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.401413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.585367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5112635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2556554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      3831407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11500596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3643791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1689050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2742153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8074994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8756426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4245604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6573560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19575590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8756426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4245604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6573560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19575590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       530196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       228350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       940486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1699032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       148061                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        60070                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       106578                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       314709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       678257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       288420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1047064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2013741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       678257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       288420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1047064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2013741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3284093256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15033857981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18317951237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2239487659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3281341546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5520829205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5523580915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18315199527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23838780442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5523580915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18315199527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23838780442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5642831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2784904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4771893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13199628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3791852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1749120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2848731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8389703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9434683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4534024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7620624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21589331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9434683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4534024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7620624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21589331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.197089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034343                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.137399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14381.840403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15985.201248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10781.404492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37281.299467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30788.169660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17542.647986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19151.171607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17491.958015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11838.056851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19151.171607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17491.958015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11838.056851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       171453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            11788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.544706                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1542501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1542501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       362466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        17153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       379619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       379619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       379619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       379619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       228350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       578020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       806370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        60070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        89425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       149495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       288420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       667445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       955865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       288420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       667445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       955865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2826173744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8314744809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11140918553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2108252341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2905747700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5014000041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4934426085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11220492509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16154918594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4934426085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11220492509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16154918594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30636255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33190282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63826537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    532271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    712236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1244507000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31168526000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33902518000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65071044000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.121130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031391                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.063612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12376.499864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14384.873895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13816.137199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35096.592992                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32493.684093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33539.583538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17108.474048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16811.111790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16900.837037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17108.474048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16811.111790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16900.837037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606010326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35502902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     69019443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             64128875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     466888                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6511590                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    64128875                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          118555351                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          55341107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36337345                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           27074895                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4724906                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2973846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1751060                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2477242501.972853                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              128767824.027147                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.049412                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.950588                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28668505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28668505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           293936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26313496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25716329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.730568                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 531231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             59742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       154176343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9183670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     141279801                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28668505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26247560                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     54165747                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1372429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     60595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              24017130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             7414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        19025                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          334                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3057990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               134510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1720                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          88520588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.147296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.411069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                34483261     38.96%     38.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  569039      0.64%     39.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23712203     26.79%     66.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  303942      0.34%     66.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  596203      0.67%     67.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  791828      0.89%     68.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  321684      0.36%     68.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  518300      0.59%     69.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27224128     30.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            88520588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.185946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.916352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10629848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             22917593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 30946726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1286674                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             277843876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                    5                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                11607450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               13707721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4125990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 31086433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5253313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             276918591                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               2458805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2129053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          330941436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            602250525                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       370032440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               42                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            321416172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 9525262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            139074                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        139963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 11350220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6069912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3334552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           325084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          284462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 275324678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             401766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                273874447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            58026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6719880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10332541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         51920                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     88520588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.093907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.392477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25429283     28.73%     28.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6033030      6.82%     35.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3870306      4.37%     39.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2690716      3.04%     42.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           25010151     28.25%     71.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1323131      1.49%     72.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23827077     26.92%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             285216      0.32%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51678      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       88520588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 120453     33.21%     33.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   124      0.03%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                190037     52.39%     85.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                52134     14.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            69880      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            264196051     96.47%     96.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               53857      0.02%     96.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                45427      0.02%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6378380      2.33%     98.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3130852      1.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             273874447                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.776371                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     362748                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         636728050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        282449613                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    272560977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 75                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                74                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           22                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             274167280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     35                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          638144                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       933920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         7005                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3826                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       481474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       656274                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10618                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1067388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                9024497                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               812904                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          275726444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            67814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6069912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3334552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            224273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                631637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3885                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3826                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        167894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       164610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              332504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            273407129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6276348                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           467317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9343774                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27815177                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3067426                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.773340                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     273265355                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    272560999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212629872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                347702126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.767852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611529                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7002811                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         349846                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           295934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     87453200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.072767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.870996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     30168588     34.50%     34.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4310788      4.93%     39.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1198483      1.37%     40.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24616834     28.15%     68.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       847666      0.97%     69.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       576601      0.66%     70.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       339942      0.39%     70.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23302626     26.65%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2091672      2.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     87453200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           136077774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             268723335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       7989069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5135991                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     163538                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27499066                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                245318960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              428759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2091672                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   361063162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  552523197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         466136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       65655755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4909695924                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  136077774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    268723335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            136077774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.133002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.133002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.882611                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.882611                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               363659019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              218348978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72934                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72968                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                138971726                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               107072573                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               88484504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                124462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
