
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 697152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 155896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   349.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1027373651                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   243840172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.359341                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                359340764000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           82219469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 12000.343864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11000.343864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               81326673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    10713859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               892796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   9821063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          892796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        12500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   3882                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency          50000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.001029                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                    4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency        46000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses               4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          22901836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 12623.899964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11623.899964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              22855133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency     589574000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.002039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses               46703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    542871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses          46703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 110.894471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           105121305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 12031.341172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11031.341172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               104181806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     11303433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.008937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                939499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  10363934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.008937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           939499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          105121305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 12031.341172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11031.341172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              104181806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    11303433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.008937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               939499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  10363934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.008937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          939499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 935407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 939503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3560.887601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                104185688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle           134116230000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                    94807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          243840173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 13993.174061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12993.174061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              243839294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       12300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     11421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               277405.340159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           243840173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 13993.174061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12993.174061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               243839294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        12300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     11421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          243840173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 13993.174061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12993.174061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              243839294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       12300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     11421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                716.200092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                243839294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            940381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                924777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency     202852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.016593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               15604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    171644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.016593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          15604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses           94807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits               94807                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 65.341195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             940381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 924777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency      202852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.016593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                15604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    171644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.016593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           15604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           1035188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               1019584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency     202852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.015074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               15604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    171644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.015074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          15604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 15604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             10833.027960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1019584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                     359340764000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        243840172                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         105125191                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             428                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
