
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 332596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    35.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 105869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.003725                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     3725190                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53802                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99730                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53651                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99194                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53071                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98275                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53108                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98291                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          52851                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           97729                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52263                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           97202                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          51897                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           96111                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          51731                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
