
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1120793                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 183848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1328.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1558243449                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1489514761                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.070880                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2070879986000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          402511688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 23237.213149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 21237.213149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              402318208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     4495936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               193480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   4108976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          193480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency        25000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        23000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   1286                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        1000000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.030166                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                   40                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       920000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.030166                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses              40                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         166846642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency        25000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        23000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             166527019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    7990575000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.001916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses              319623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   7351329000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         319623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1255.221220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           569358330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 24335.291355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22335.291355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               568845227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     12486511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                513103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  11460305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           513103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          569358330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 24335.291355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22335.291355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              568845227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    12486511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses               513103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  11460305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          513103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 449136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 453232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.519446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                568906424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              358580000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   316447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         1489519635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 24978.142077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22978.142077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             1489518537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       27426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 1098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     25230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               1356574.259563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          1489519635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 24978.142077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22978.142077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              1489518537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        27426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  1098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     25230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         1489519635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 24978.142077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22978.142077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             1489518537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       27426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 1098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     25230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                891.566024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               1489518537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          259752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        22000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   5714544000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            259752                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   2857272000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       259752                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            194578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        22000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                 28424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    3655388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.853920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses              166154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1827694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.853920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         166154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses          59911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency        22000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   1318042000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses            59911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency    659021000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses        59911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          316447                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_misses            316447                       # number of Writeback misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_mshr_misses       316447                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  3.182232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             454330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        22000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                  28424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     9369932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.937438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               425906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   4684966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.937438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          425906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            454330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        22000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                 28424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    9369932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.937438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              425906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   4684966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.937438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         425906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 18201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 19574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              8449.165713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                   62289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                     2070879986000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                       1489514761                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         569364430                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              19                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
