
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 248801                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 232880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6517.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              116459266                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1621493982                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.758991                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                758990697000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                123829137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             124444739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            5933451                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          124445048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                124445048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches              107161579                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events           4428744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples   1488500908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     1.089347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.266465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0    544771983     36.60%     36.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1    603082048     40.52%     77.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2    142955782      9.60%     86.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3    121627881      8.17%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4     42142525      2.83%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5     19097450      1.28%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6      4632040      0.31%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7      5762455      0.39%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8      4428744      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total   1488500908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                1621493982                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:fp_insts                      0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.COM:function_calls                0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.COM:int_insts            1621354492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                 419042125                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                       0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                  607228182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           5933482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1621493982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       174503493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1621493982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1621493982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.936162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.936162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          328666076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 10263.411891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  7269.320090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              328458033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     2135231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               208043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits              1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1502488500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          206689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         188186057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 19664.658707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  9970.057484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             186942755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   24449109500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.006607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             1243302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits           995928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   2466333000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.001315                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         247374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 15814.402211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1135.086514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets           29308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    463488500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           516852133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 18317.037300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  8740.684663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               515400788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     26584340500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.002808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               1451345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits             997282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   3968821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           454063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4095.087002                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          516852133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 18317.037300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  8740.684663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              515400788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    26584340500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.002808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              1451345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits            997282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   3968821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          454063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 449967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 454063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.087002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                515400788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              331273000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   403776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles      134525635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts      1844468999                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles         346793246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles          965499551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles        29266045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles       41682476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   124445048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 129713560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    1050276779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                844154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1022007635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                12829021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.081981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          129713560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          123829137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.673268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1517766953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.229744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.282154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                499259849     32.89%     32.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                507370292     33.43%     66.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                273389808     18.01%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                210662042     13.88%     98.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  8152383      0.54%     98.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  1243560      0.08%     98.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      720      0.00%     98.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     8664      0.00%     98.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 17679635      1.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1517766953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         2                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          129713560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 37165.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35455.808081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              129712620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       34935500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     28081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               163778.560606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           129713560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 37165.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35455.808081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               129712620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        34935500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     28081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.352940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            722.820283                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          129713560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 37165.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35455.808081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              129712620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       34935500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits               148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     28081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                722.820283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                129712620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                          214442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                108628514                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     1.113825                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                    627755630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                  190105687                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                2045668274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                    1687762822                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.647025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                1323598001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       1.111847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                     1688206003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              6113342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1234561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             466864036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 67                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           3697894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            198431314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1795988309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             437649943                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           8316492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1690766136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  11689                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               29266045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 61051                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked        29308                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads       108968785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses        18692                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation      6882405                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads     47821911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores     10245257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        6882405                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        6111107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3449745474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1684589292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.ipc                               1.068191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.068191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass     24153767      1.42%      1.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu      1042557757     61.36%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead      442155303     26.02%     88.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite     190215801     11.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total       1699082628                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                898465                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.000529                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu                 2      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAdd                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCmp                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCvt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMisc               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShift              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead           782842     87.13%     87.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite          115621     12.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples   1517766953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     1.119462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.970342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0     418312841     27.56%     27.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1     673262157     44.36%     71.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2     290551111     19.14%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3     102329684      6.74%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4      29422654      1.94%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5       3376155      0.22%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6        428915      0.03%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7         83172      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           264      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total   1517766953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     1.119304                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            2                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1675827322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4916833706                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1687762820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1976960091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1795988242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1699082628                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  67                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174090375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              3040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    340356814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          247374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34288.873379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31083.636921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits              188632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   2014197000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate       0.237462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses             58742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   1825915000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.237462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses        58742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            207481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34134.816432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31005.350224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                174959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1110132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.156747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               32522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1008356000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.156747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          32522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          403776                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              403776                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.963363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             454855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34233.975061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31055.739393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 363591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency     3124329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.200644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                91264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   2834271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.200644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses           91264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.058891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.491980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1929.753834                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         16121.198217                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            454855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34233.975061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31055.739393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                363591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency    3124329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.200644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses               91264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   2834271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.200644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses          91264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 72998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 88598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             18050.952051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  439744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   58419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         312249439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        119901234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            466864036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           198431314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               865536711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numCycles                       1517981395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles         28986025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps     1617994650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents        33672472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles         389992916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents       45640252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:ROBFullEvents             23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups     4730693313                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts      1827559293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands   1825935922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles          951399892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles        29266045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles      118119949                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps         207941272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:fp_rename_lookups           32                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:int_rename_lookups   4730693281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles         2126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts           68                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts          172417007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3280069639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3621261017                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           45168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              48                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
