
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1892986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 370804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   214.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                            23798444654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   406624453                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  5.112051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5112051463500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0        13367989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13367989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0            12053700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12053700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.098316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0           1314289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1314289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        8403116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8403116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            8087096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8087096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.037607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           316020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       316020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  12.424940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         21771105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21771105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             20140796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20140796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.074884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0            1630309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1630309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            511.980804                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        21771105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21771105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            20140796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20140796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.074884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0           1630309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1630309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1620657                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1621150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.980804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 20142691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  1525412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_accesses::1        21821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        21821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_hits::1         8119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         8119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1     0.627927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_misses::1        13702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        13702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.289175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::1        21821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        21821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::1         8119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         8119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::1     0.627927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::1        13702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        13702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mshr_cap_events            0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_%::1         0.312845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::1     5.005513                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::0            0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::1        21821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        21821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::0            0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::1         8119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         8119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::1     0.627927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::0            0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::1        13702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        13702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits            0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         7920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         7926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        5.005513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          10218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5101233174000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks           7801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0       254189384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    254189384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0           253396963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       253396963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.003117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            792421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        792421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 319.778503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0        254189384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    254189384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0            253396963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        253396963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency               0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.003117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             792421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         792421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses                0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.997320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            510.627884                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0       254189384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    254189384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0           253396963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       253396963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency              0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.003117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            792421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        792421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses               0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 791902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 792414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.627884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                253396963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle           148756026000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                      809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.955646                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_accesses::1        12217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_hits::1         3753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         3753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1     0.692805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_misses::1         8464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         8464                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::1            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::1            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs         1.580645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::1        12219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        12219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::1         3755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         3755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::1     0.692692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::0            0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::1         8464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         8464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_hits            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses            0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mshr_cap_events            0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_%::1         0.063695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::1     1.019121                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::0            0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::1        12219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        12219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::0            0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::1         3755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         3755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::1     0.692692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::0            0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::1         8464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         8464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_hits            0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements         3371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse        1.019121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           5341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5105336019500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks           3369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.044354                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                      10224102950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               453482138.002058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     42460206                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               9770620811.997942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                        406624453                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             391833833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    391833833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           836347867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          419160860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    29720540                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      38133606                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    8413066                       # Number of store instructions
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::1                909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::1                  909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::1             46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::1                1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::1               46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1               47629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                 47629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1             0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.occ_%::1                      0.002653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_blocks::1                 0.042448                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1              47629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                47629                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47629                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                     47574                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     47590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.042448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              4994772176509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                       46667                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               314094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::1                10676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           324770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                   169175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::1                     9794                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               178969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.461387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1            0.082615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.544003                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 144919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::1                    882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             145801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                2100004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2100004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                    2043710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2043710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.026807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                    56294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                56294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::1                3893                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3926                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                       2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::1                       1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.939394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::1           0.999743                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       1.939137                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                    31                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::1                  3892                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0              1537391                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1537391                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                  1537391                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1537391                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                         16.898474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                 2414098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                   10676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2424774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0               0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1               0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency      no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                     2212885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                        9794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2222679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency                      0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.083349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.082615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    201213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                       882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                202095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0                 0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1                 0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             0                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.147969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.414145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                  9697.290249                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 27141.433510                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                2414098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                  10676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2424774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0              0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1              0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total            0                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                    2212885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                       9794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2222679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency                     0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.083349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.082615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   201213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                      882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               202095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency                0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0                0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1                0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            0                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                      0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                        164866                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        196728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     36838.723760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         3324403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                          144396                       # number of writebacks
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
