
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 332624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    32.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 134514                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.004329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     4329426                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99342                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53020                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98745                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53384                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98624                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53313                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99274                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53327                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98083                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          52520                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98306                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52893                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53622                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99389                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53486                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
