
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 595543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 157792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   669.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 892368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   398664450                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000597                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   597363012                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           94754482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3956.610526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2956.610526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               94753532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency        3758780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2808780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          73520727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  3939.646399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2939.646399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              73517520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      12634446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                3207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      9427446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           3207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               40478.963676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           168275209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3943.523214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2943.523214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               168271052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency        16393226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  4157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     12236226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             4157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          168275209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3943.523214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2943.523214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              168271052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency       16393226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 4157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     12236226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   4157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               3222.448687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                168271052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                      625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          398664451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3820.892216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2820.892216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              398660777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       14037958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 3674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     10363958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            3674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               108508.649156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           398664451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3820.892216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2820.892216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               398660777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        14037958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  3674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     10363958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             3674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          398664451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3820.892216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2820.892216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              398660777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       14037958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 3674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     10363958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            3674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1770                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   3674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1765.884663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                398660777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses              7831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2982.860028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1924.618942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                   651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      21416935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.916869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                7180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     13818764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.916869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           7180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses             625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits                 625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.177716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses               7831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2982.860028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1924.618942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                    651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency       21416935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.916869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 7180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     13818764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.916869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            7180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses              8456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2982.860028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1924.618942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  1276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency      21416935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.849101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                7180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     13818764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.849101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           7180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  7180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              6344.085280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    1276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        597363012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        398664450                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                         174183390                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             215                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
