
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  48300                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 226820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               67673766                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        9809                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000014                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    13766000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                      772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                  1892                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect                458                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted               1920                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                     1920                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches                   1214                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events                37                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples        15124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.648572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.100130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0         9612     63.55%     63.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1         3088     20.42%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2         1220      8.07%     92.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3          836      5.53%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4          232      1.53%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5           57      0.38%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6           30      0.20%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7           12      0.08%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8           37      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total        15124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                      9809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                      1056                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                       0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                       1990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts           9809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              13                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts            3832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                        9809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  9809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.806912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.806912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses               1244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 37105.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35048.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits                   1168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency        2820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.061093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                   76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits                14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.049839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses              62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses               934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 33138.977636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35775.641026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits                   621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      10372500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.335118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                 313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      2790500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.083512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  12.870504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses                2178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 33913.881748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35453.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                    1789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency        13192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.178604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                   389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.064279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses              140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.020744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0             84.965644                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses               2178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 33913.881748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35453.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits                   1789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency       13192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.178604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                  389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.064279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses             140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 84.965644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles            464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts           15304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles              6233                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles               8371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles             721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles             56                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        1920                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      1255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          9031                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                           8830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                     469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.069735                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles               1255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.320706                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              15845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.002083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.178869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                     7129     44.99%     44.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4489     28.33%     73.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     1878     11.85%     85.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     2046     12.91%     98.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                       57      0.36%     98.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      227      1.43%     99.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        6      0.04%     99.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        8      0.05%     99.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        5      0.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                15845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses               1255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 37417.543860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35040.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits                    970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       10664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.227092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits                27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      9040500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.205578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   3.759690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses                1255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 37417.543860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35040.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                     970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        10664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.227092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                 27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      9040500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.205578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.061525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            126.002915                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses               1255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 37417.543860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35040.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits                    970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       10664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.227092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      9040500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.205578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                126.002915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                      970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                           11688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                     1318                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     0.434678                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                         2353                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                       1060                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                     10358                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                         11818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.702935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                      7281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       0.429230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                          11866                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                      58                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  1535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 17                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               13635                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  1293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 11968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     6                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads              21                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads          479                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores          304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             97                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.ipc                               0.356263                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.356263                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            3      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu           10018     80.12%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead           1360     10.88%     91.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite          1123      8.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total            12504                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                     4                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.000320                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAdd                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdAlu                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCmp                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdCvt                0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMisc               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMult               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShift              0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead                3     75.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite               1     25.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples        15845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.789145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.977935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0          8160     51.50%     51.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1          4079     25.74%     77.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2          2594     16.37%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3           834      5.26%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4           157      0.99%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5            19      0.12%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6             2      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7             0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8             0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total        15845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     0.454146                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      13618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     12504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  17                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            3342                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved              4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         5066                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34493.589744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31326.923077                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency      2690500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses                78                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency      2443500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses           78                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses               320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34188.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31004.716981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                     2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency      10872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.993750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                 318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      9859500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.993750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.006309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses                398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34248.737374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                      2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency       13562500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.994975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                  396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     12303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.994975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses             396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.004816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0           157.820330                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses               398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34248.737374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                     2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency      13562500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.994975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                 396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     12303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.994975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses            396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               157.820330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 4                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 1535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.numCycles                            27533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles              105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps           9368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents               6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles              6603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups          38664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts           14745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands        13787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles               8027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles             721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles            108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps              4419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles          281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts           20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts                169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts           17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.timesIdled                             208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              11                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
