
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008665                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     8664886                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    8664886                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 174865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 297912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77331                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77377                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses        77193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        77193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses        76824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        76824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses        76825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses        76825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99885                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54375                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99537                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53839                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99297                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53929                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99124                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54072                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99259                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54427                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99389                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54074                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99658                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54033                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53796                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
