
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  38506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1363292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    17.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                4986293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      677340                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    87713500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.045871                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.954129                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                          173308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.num_insts                          167334                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu0.num_refs                            58537                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu0.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.046241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.953759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                          173307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.num_insts                          167269                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu1.num_refs                            55900                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                          175428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.num_insts                          175339                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu2.num_refs                            82398                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.045506                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.954494                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                          173308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.num_insts                          167398                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu3.num_refs                            53394                       # Number of memory references

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
