
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 318912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 598087                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.000163                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   163182312                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22713.586650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22705.587882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        847989044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.830475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    847690418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.830475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    517943783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24775.291654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24768.103842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       579766600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.960751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23401                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    579598398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.960751                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    315492846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2283.512556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_refs                     0.411295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158224585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses                 69312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23507.954952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23500.268642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits                      8577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1427755644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.876255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses                   60735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1427288816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.876255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses                69312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23507.954952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23500.268642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits                     8577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1427755644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.876255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses                  60735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1427288816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.876255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    833436629                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu0.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu0.l1c.replacements                    28052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.sampled_refs                    28403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.l1c.tagsinuse                  348.576200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.total_refs                      11682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks                      11146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99892                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54159                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22745.661074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22737.662205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        844523650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.828994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    844226660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.828994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    524670355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24767.283276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24760.081804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       578885712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.960942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    578717392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.960942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    319087206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2291.446711                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_refs                     0.414757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158930161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses                 69111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23526.649731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23518.958910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits                      8609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1423409362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.875432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses                   60502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1422944052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.875432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses                69111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23526.649731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23518.958910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits                     8609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1423409362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.875432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses                  60502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1422944052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.875432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    843757561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu1.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu1.l1c.replacements                    27765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.sampled_refs                    28108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.l1c.tagsinuse                  346.327274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.total_refs                      11658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks                      10962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99692                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53844                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                45045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22675.185062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22667.185702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        850342115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.832523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    850042131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.832523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    526690736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               23975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24810.638326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24803.479873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       571364190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.960542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    571199338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.960542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    314108208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2295.331392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_refs                     0.417132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69383                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     159256978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses                 69020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23487.631009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23479.951578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits                      8490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1421706305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.876992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses                   60530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1421241469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.876992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses                69020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23487.631009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23479.951578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits                     8490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1421706305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.876992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses                  60530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1421241469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.876992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    840798944                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu2.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu2.l1c.replacements                    27570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.sampled_refs                    27912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.l1c.tagsinuse                  346.579014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.total_refs                      11643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks                      10678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99982                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53451                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                45026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22627.689991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22619.691218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        848221587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.832541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    847921745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.832541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    521058272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24499.134103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24491.950730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       577297596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.961953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23564                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    577128327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.961953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    316556554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2277.071019                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_refs                     0.408241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158711850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses                 69522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23350.027568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23342.343522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits                      8472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1425519183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.878139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses                   61050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1425050072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.878139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              61050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses                69522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23350.027568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23342.343522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits                     8472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1425519183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.878139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses                  61050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1425050072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.878139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             61050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    837614826                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu3.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu3.l1c.replacements                    28153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.sampled_refs                    28515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.l1c.tagsinuse                  348.493440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.total_refs                      11641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks                      11085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99697                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54254                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22595.724111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22587.725051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        841374383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.833113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    841076530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.833113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    521925270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24976.967619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24969.752460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       583911549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.961266                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    583742873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.961266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    314744590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2286.910395                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_refs                     0.401516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69382                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158670417                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses                 69015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23514.137526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23506.440806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits                      8401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1425285932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.878273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses                   60614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1424819403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.878273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses                69015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23514.137526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23506.440806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits                     8401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1425285932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.878273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses                  60614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1424819403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.878273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    836669860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu4.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu4.l1c.replacements                    28031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.sampled_refs                    28370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu4.l1c.tagsinuse                  347.544315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.total_refs                      11391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks                      11138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99375                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53856                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22795.859807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22787.860584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        850741488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.832181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    850442957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.832181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    518680326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24686.676265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24679.493004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       578705065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.961605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    578536675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.961605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    315478251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2288.071694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_refs                     0.412333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69434                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158869970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses                 69224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23525.337431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23517.653007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits                      8462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1429446553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.877759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses                   60762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1428979632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.877759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses                69224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23525.337431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23517.653007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits                     8462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1429446553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.877759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses                  60762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1428979632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.877759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    834158577                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu5.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu5.l1c.replacements                    27718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.sampled_refs                    28055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu5.l1c.tagsinuse                  345.552063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.total_refs                      11568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks                      10910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99402                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          54123                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                45284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22614.833240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22606.834542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        851652005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.831618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    851350782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.831618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    513879090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 25148.091805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 25140.890430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     897                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       581826252                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.962676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    581659641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.962676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    312525316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2288.777328                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_refs                     0.407927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69380                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     158795371                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses                 69317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23578.884069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23571.188798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits                      8522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1433478257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.877058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses                   60795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1433010423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.877058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses                69317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23578.884069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23571.188798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits                     8522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1433478257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.877058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses                  60795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1433010423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.877058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    826404406                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu6.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu6.l1c.replacements                    27931                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.sampled_refs                    28282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu6.l1c.tagsinuse                  346.778818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.total_refs                      11537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks                      10819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53600                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses                44617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 22791.302160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22783.302456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits                     7491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency        846149884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate            0.832104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses                  37126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    845852887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate       0.832104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses             37126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    523016698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses               24432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 24654.748978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24647.585464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits                     960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency       578696268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate           0.960707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses                 23472                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency    578528126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate      0.960707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses            23472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    310262407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs  2294.299163                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_refs                     0.417293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_no_mshrs                69407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs     159240422                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses                 69049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency  23513.088749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23505.412934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits                      8451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency        1424846152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate             0.877609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses                   60598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency   1424381013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate        0.877609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses              60598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.mshr_cap_events                     0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses                69049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency 23513.088749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23505.412934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits                     8451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency       1424846152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate            0.877609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses                  60598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_hits                   0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency   1424381013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate       0.877609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses             60598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    833279105                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu7.l1c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu7.l1c.replacements                    27613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.sampled_refs                    27942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full             0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu7.l1c.tagsinuse                  345.414592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.total_refs                      11660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks                      10955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98933                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53679                       # number of write accesses completed
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses                   74732                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency    10058.723893                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10012.709549                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency           751708554                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate                      1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses                     74732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits                    486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency      748269810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate                 1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses                74732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses                    138119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency      10093.112454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10012.902949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits                         62746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency             760748165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate                 0.545711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses                       75373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits                      858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency        754702534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate            0.545711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                  75373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    792432163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses                  18312                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency    5090.815258                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10012.622433                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency           93223009                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate                     1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses                    18312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits                    25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency     183351142                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate                1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses               18312                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    430029394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses                   86893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_miss_rate                      1                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_misses                     86893                       # number of Writeback misses
system.l2c.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate                 1                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_mshr_misses                86893                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs           3278                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          3.318198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked_no_mshrs                         3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs               9834                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses                     212851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency       10075.991599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  10012.806662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits                          62746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency             1512456719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate                  0.705212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses                       150105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                      1344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency        1502972344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate             0.705212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  150105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.overall_accesses                    212851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency      10075.991599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 10012.806662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits                         62746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency            1512456719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate                 0.705212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses                      150105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                     1344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency       1502972344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate            0.705212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 150105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency   1222461557                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted              0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued               0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.l2c.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.l2c.replacements                         31000                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                         31427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       461.978673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                          104281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                               0                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
