
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041671                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41671058000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41671058000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79080                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35856814                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 228800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1162.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91903056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91903056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            178816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               316032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               2144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              4291132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3292837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 7583969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         4291132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4291132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             4291132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3292837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7583969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          4938                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           4938                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       316032                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 316032                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   295                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   499                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   209                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   212                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   207                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   219                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  236                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  379                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  325                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  469                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41670985500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    4938                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      3344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      858.311111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     328.631203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1420.533351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             87     24.17%     24.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           46     12.78%     36.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           36     10.00%     46.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           14      3.89%     50.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           20      5.56%     56.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      3.89%     60.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            9      2.50%     62.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.94%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      2.22%     66.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      0.83%     67.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            8      2.22%     70.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      1.39%     71.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            6      1.67%     73.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            7      1.94%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      1.11%     76.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.56%     76.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            5      1.39%     78.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.28%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.83%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            5      1.39%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.28%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            3      0.83%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            4      1.11%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.56%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            3      0.83%     84.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.83%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.56%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            4      1.11%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.28%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            4      1.11%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.56%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.83%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.28%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.28%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.83%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.56%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.28%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.56%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.28%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.56%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.28%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.28%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.28%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.56%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.28%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.28%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.28%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.28%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.28%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.56%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.28%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.28%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.28%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.28%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.28%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.28%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.28%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.56%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            4      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       21938250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 110827000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     24690000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    64198750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        4442.74                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13000.96                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  22443.70                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           7.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   7.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4578                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8438838.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      7583969                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side         9876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          9876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side       316032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     316032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 316032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             5804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46092250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                13412467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9649930                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           4269365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7424694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 3768519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             50.756556                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1029619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     19996249                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 19996259                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6501862                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        23                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6501885                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     26498111                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 26498144                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     9957259                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        49                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 9957308                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  389                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         83342117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      5905707                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken      7506760                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     73570716                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     62575472                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    136146188                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads      2206130                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites      5851888                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses      8058018                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       38521724                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   26722400                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      3469281                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       799226                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4268507                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           5972195                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     41.681781                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         57404114                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies            458253                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      82971475                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                           10802                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         7733735                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         75608382                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         90.720496                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          19996198                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                          6501103                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       10240685                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            7723346                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             389                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           43665352                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                          3775974                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      91903056                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.906848                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.906848                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.102720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.102720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 27661043                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  55681074                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               66.810247                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 34090230                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  49251887                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               59.096035                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 33490685                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  49851432                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               59.815414                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 65315589                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  18026528                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               21.629554                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 29482268                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  53859849                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               64.625007                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   7633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1492.272065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                  9945862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   9518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                1044.952931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1492.272065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.728648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.728648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9945862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9945862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9945862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9945862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9945862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9945862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        11397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         11397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        11397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          11397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        11397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         11397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    317452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    317452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    317452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9957259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9957259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9957259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9957259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9957259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9957259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27853.996666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27853.996666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27853.996666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27853.996666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27853.996666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27853.996666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    260091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    260091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    260091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    260091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    260091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27326.223997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.223997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27326.223997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.223997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27326.223997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27326.223997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                18196610                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           9993                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          9993                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          107                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        19036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side         4553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count                    23589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side       609152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       149120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size                758272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus            758272                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        6031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      14277000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       3334500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2189.717368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    6791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.069165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks    17.843612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   1820.867359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    351.006398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.055568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.010712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.066825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           6777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            6803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           6803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     30189500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213246500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    114689000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    114689000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    144878500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    327935500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    183057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    144878500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    327935500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        11741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         9518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        11741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.321825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65517.895490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71539.099526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66307.991294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66602.206736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66602.206736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65517.895490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67573.927239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66410.591333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65517.895490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67573.927239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66410.591333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    148372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24939500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     93717750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93717750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    148372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    118657250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    267029250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    148372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    118657250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    267029250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53103.793844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59098.341232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53890.391791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54423.780488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54423.780488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53103.793844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55343.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54076.397327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53103.793844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55343.866604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54076.397327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1441.455577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26488507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   2223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               11915.657670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    1441.455577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.351918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.351918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     19995622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        19995622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6492885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6492885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26488507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26488507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26488507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26488507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         8218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8218                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          8794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     38984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    463524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    502508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    502508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    502508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    502508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67680.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67680.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56403.504502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56403.504502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57142.142370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57142.142370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57142.142370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57142.142370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               825                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.381818                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         6470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     31213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    116706500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116706500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    147919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    147919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65711.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65711.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66765.732265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66765.732265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66540.485830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66540.485830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66540.485830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66540.485830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
