
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  53689                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 177104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               17808084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        4483                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     1497001                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses                464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3972.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2972.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits                    410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency         214497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.116379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                   54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       160497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.116379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses              54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses               501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency  3980.840580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2980.840580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits                   432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency        274678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.137725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                  69                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency       205678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.137725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses             69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   6.845528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses                 965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3977.032520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2977.032520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                     842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency          489175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.127461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                   123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       366175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.127461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses              123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses                965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3977.032520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2977.032520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits                    842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency         489175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.127461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                  123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       366175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.127461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses             123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.dcache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 71.370810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                      842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses               4484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  3979.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2979.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits                   4232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency        1002753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.056200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       750753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.056200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  16.793651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses                4484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency  3979.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2979.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits                    4232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency         1002753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.056200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       750753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.056200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses               4484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency  3979.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  2979.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits                   4232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency        1002753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.056200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       750753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.056200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.icache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                115.914677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                     4232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses               375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency  2986.473118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1985.473118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                     3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency       1110968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.992000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                 372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency       738596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.992000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.008065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses                375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency  2986.473118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1985.473118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                      3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency        1110968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.992000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                  372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency       738596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.992000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses             372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses               375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency  2986.473118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency  1985.473118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                     3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency       1110968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.992000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                 372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency       738596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.992000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses            372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_cache            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the cache
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_mshr            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in mshr
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_already_in_prefetcher            0                       # number of hwpf that were already in the prefetch queue
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_evicted            0                       # number of hwpf removed due to no buffer left
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_identified            0                       # number of hwpf identified
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            0                       # number of hwpf issued
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_removed_MSHR_hit            0                       # number of hwpf removed because MSHR allocated
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_span_page            0                       # number of hwpf spanning a virtual page
system.cpu.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_squashed_from_miss            0                       # number of hwpf that got squashed due to a miss aborting calculation time
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               185.896040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          1497001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                             4483                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                               965                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              11                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
