
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1082313                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 212196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   201.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1670883730                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   218595300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.337470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                337469692000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses           56649600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 55873.040752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52873.040752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits               56649281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       17823500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses                  319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     16866500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses          20515729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits              20514128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      89656000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses                1601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency     84853000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           1601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               40740.989968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses            77165329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 55978.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52978.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits                77163409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency       107479500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses                  1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    101719500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             1920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses           77165329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 55978.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52978.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits               77163409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency      107479500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses                 1920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    101719500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            1920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     27                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   1894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1362.541033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 77163435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                        2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          260018574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 39408.800341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36408.693799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              260013881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      184945500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 4693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    170866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            4693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               55404.619859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           260018574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 39408.800341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36408.693799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               260013881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency       184945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  4693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    170866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             4693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          260018574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 39408.800341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36408.693799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              260013881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency      184945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 4693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    170866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            4693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   2835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   4693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1453.991128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                260013881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses            1575                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency     81900000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses              1575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     63000000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses         1575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses              5012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 52002.058917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                  1855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency     164170500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.629888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses                3157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency    126280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.629888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses           3157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses             26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency      1352000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses               26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency      1040000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses           26                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses               2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits                   2                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_mshrs <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles_no_targets <err: div-0>                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.592084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles_no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses               6587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 52001.373626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                   1855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency      246070500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.718385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses                 4732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency    189280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.718385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses            4732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses              6587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 52001.373626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency <err: div-0>                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                  1855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency     246070500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.718385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses                4732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency    189280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.718385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses           4732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2031.720476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    1855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        674939384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                        218595300                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                          77165364                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             400                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
