
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    18578000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   18578000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  97793                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    97754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              312246493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 216964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                29120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           1092044354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            475401012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1567445365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      1092044354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         1092044354                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          1092044354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           475401012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1567445365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           455                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            455                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        29120                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  29120                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    60                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    27                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    22                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    53                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                     5                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    31                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                     0                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    19                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    40                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    20                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   39                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   50                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   30                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   28                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        18503000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     455                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        2353954                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12657954                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      1820000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8484000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5173.53                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    18646.15                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27819.68                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1567.45                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1567.45                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.68                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        357                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   78.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        40665.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    8                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            37157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.lookups              1146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condPredicted          844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branch_predictor.condIncorrect          605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBLookups            861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHits               300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branch_predictor.usedRAS                86                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.RASInCorrect           32                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branch_predictor.BTBHitPct       34.843206                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          393                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken          753                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5127                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         3396                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         8523                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            3                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            1                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses            4                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           1290                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       2235                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          260                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          336                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            596                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               319                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     65.136612                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             3144                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 3                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    1                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                          9465                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           31782                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             5375                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         14.465646                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                              1163                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              925                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                            915                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                657                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              10                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               2144                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                0                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          5814                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               6.390953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.390953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.156471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.156471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    33517                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      3640                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization                9.796270                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    34336                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      2821                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                7.592109                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    34391                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      2766                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization                7.444089                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    35931                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                      1226                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                3.299513                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    34254                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      2903                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization                7.812794                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     13                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                149.857420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                      410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   1.285266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     149.857420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.073173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.073173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18065500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18065500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.457672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.457672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.457672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.457672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.457672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.457672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52212.427746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52212.427746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52212.427746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52212.427746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52212.427746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52212.427746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51617.554859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51617.554859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51617.554859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 89.860913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  11.913043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      89.860913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.021939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.021939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     14658500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14658500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     20247500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     20247500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     20247500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     20247500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.379459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.212644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.212644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.212644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.212644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60096.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60096.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41762.108262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41762.108262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45602.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45602.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45602.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45602.477477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2618500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59252.873563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59252.873563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51343.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51343.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56329.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56329.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56329.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56329.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               207.494837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.004950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    151.607312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     55.887525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.006332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16120500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5061500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16120500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     23746500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16120500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     23746500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50853.312303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58178.160920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52430.693069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50284.313725                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50284.313725                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50853.312303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55260.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52190.109890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50853.312303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55260.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52190.109890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12117017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3982094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16099111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1929572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1929572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12117017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5911666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18028683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     12117017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5911666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18028683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38224.028391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45771.195402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39849.284653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37834.745098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37834.745098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38224.028391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42838.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39623.479121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38224.028391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42838.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39623.479121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
